Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu sci.space:61333 sci.space.shuttle:12924 sci.astro:35126
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!rochester!udel!gatech!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!usc!not-for-mail
From: khayash@hsc.usc.edu (Ken Hayashida)
Newsgroups: sci.space,sci.space.shuttle,sci.astro
Subject: Long term Human Missions
Date: 27 Apr 1993 20:17:21 -0700
Organization: University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA
Lines: 38
Sender: khayash@hsc.usc.edu
Message-ID: <1rkt01$kt5@hsc.usc.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: hsc.usc.edu

Mike Adams suggested discussions on long-term effects of spaceflight
to the human being.  I love this topic, as some of you regulars know.

So, having seen Henry's encouraging statement about starting to talk
about it; I shall.

I feel that we as a community of people have unique resources
to deliver to the world a comprehensive book which can elaborate
on the utility of spaceflight to fields which are as divergent 
as medical intensive care, agriculture, environmental protection, and 
probably more.  I do not believe that the general public understands
the impact of spaceflight on the whole of society.  In the absence
of such knowledge, we see dwindling support of the world's space effort.

I believe that we as a group have the responsibility to not only
communicate amongst ourselves, but also with others through print media.

A well-orchestrated and technically oriented analysis of life science
variables required to support long-duration spaceflight (like long
expenditions to the moon or Mars) would be entertaining and educational
to the general public.  The objective of such an effort would be to 
compile resources and publications from accepted scientific and technical
journals which would address each major life science area.  In addition,
ideas for further research and development could be put forward for
the general public to ponder...allowing the general public to take
part in the excitement of exploration.

Individuals interested should be willing to devote an hour per week
to running literature searches and finding journal articles.  In addition,
we need to obtain the assistance of personnel from within the halls
of NASA and industry.

I have appreciated the positive responses to date and I am personally
eager to start this project.  Perhaps we could start with debate regarding
how best to grade the viability of various technologies for application
to spaceflight.

ken
