Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.abortion:120339 talk.politics.misc:178315 talk.religion.misc:83446
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!emory!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!darwin.sura.net!tulane!theozone!anthony.landreneau
From: anthony.landreneau@ozonehole.com (Anthony Landreneau) 
Newsgroups: talk.abortion,talk.politics.misc,talk.religion.misc
Subject: Re: Abortion
Message-ID: <27620.463.uupcb@ozonehole.com>
Date: 14 Apr 93 21:38:00 GMT
Distribution: world
Organization: Ozone Online Operations, Inc., DBA The Ozone Hole BBS
Reply-To: anthony.landreneau@ozonehole.com (Anthony Landreneau) 
Lines: 47

To: rcstage1@urc.tue.nl (Stage usercode)
From: anthony.landreneau@ozonehole.com

SU>There is no truth, only opinions.

I can now understand where you are coming from. How can you go through
life with out a constent? Without truth or a point of reference one
wonders aimlessly.

SU>I'm not wrong, that's just your opinion.

Opinion based in fact?

SU>This is not an exact science!
SU>As far as I'm concernd, we can agree to differ, but I can not stand people
SU>who think they are right and everybody else is wrong.

Then maybe you had better sit down.

SU>Guido Klemans

Guido, before you have a hemmorage, maybe we can lighten up, Ok. You
have opinions as do I. Flaming at each other will not get us anywhere in
the understand of our respective positions. I offer a hand of
friendship, a truce, if it may, so that maybe we can start this
conversation like gentelmen (I am sorry if that was a mistake, from your
name I can't tell gender, you know us stupid Americans). Since you have
replied to my wife's post you must have some strong feelings about this
issue. I would like to hear them, and understand them if I can. In
return all I ask is for you to listen to me, and try to understand why I
feel the way I do.
All the yelling and all the hate about this issue just drives the sides
farther apart, till they forget why they started the fight in the first
place. If you and I can forster an understand and mutual respect for
each others views than maybe, and only then really can we come up with a
solution that is acceptable to us both.

              Anthony


 * SLMR 2.1 * What's the Differance Between an Orange?
                                                                                     
----
The Ozone Hole BBS * A Private Bulletin Board Service * (504)891-3142
3 Full Service Nodes * USRobotics 16.8K bps * 10 Gigs * 100,000 Files
SKYDIVE New Orleans! * RIME Network Mail HUB * 500+ Usenet Newsgroups
Please route all questions or inquiries to:  postmaster@ozonehole.com
