Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.religion.misc:83742 talk.politics.misc:178773 sci.skeptic:43349
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!cleveland.Freenet.Edu!au500
From: au500@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Linda Zinn)
Newsgroups: talk.religion.misc,talk.politics.misc,sci.skeptic
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?
Date: 21 Apr 1993 20:16:23 GMT
Organization: Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH (USA)
Lines: 88
Message-ID: <1r4a2o$9mp@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>
References: <C5uD1u.3oy@apollo.hp.com> <1993Apr21.180216.7431@gn.ecn.purdue.edu>
Reply-To: au500@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Linda Zinn)
NNTP-Posting-Host: thor.ins.cwru.edu


In a previous article, mechalas@gn.ecn.purdue.edu (John P. Mechalas) says:

>So what if the FBI wasn't aware of suicide plans?  This may not even be an
>]accurate statement, anyway, since the last report of listening devices used
>in the compound may reveal new information.  We'll have to wait.

Yeah, we may have to wait till hell freezes over. If they had listening
devices in place, one would think they would have audiotapes as a result.
Why, when officials are asked about what those devices picked up, do they
stumble around and never answer the question? If they have them, I think 
people have a right to hear the tapes. 

>   And what did you expect Koresh's attorneys to say?  Their credibility
>is shot anyway, since they *origianlly* said that Koresh was going to surrender
>after the Passover.  We saw how accurate that was.

I don't contend that Koresh wasn't a liar. That's not really the issue.
The issue is did the federal agents use the most prudent measures available
in "ending" this fiasco (that in my opinion was bungled from the
very beginning)?

>   And the survivors claim the fire was started from the outside.  Outside 
>meaning outside the compound?  Yes, the FBI reported seeing two people
>(according to CNN reports) using torches to set the compound on fire.   They
>were outside.

I don't know, and neither do you unless you were there, who started the
fire. I hope we find out, but I have my doubts.
>
>   Either way, I have evidence to support the theory that the BD's burned
>themselves.  

Could you please show us this evidence that you have? Right now a lot
of people on all sides of this issue are making conflicting statements
right and left. Some real live evidence would be most welcome!

You made a serious implication that the FBI was responsible
>for the fire and the "destruction of the people".  All you have done is
>put doubt on who started the fire without providing any evidence to back
>up your claim that the FBI was responsible.

In my opinion, it is possible that the actions of the FBI: a) indirectly,
b) directly but not intentionally, or c) intentionally (I hope not the
latter, but we would be naive to discount this possibility entirely) caused
the fire. It is possible that someone inside the community started
the fire because they "thought" God told them to or because they simply
would rather die than surrender. Who knows? 

We are left with some compelling questions here, besides the above. Why
haven't the droves of news reporters commented on whether or not they
heard shots coming from within the compound once the tank (I don't
remember its technical name) started ramming down the door? It seems
to me that gunshots would be audible at 2.5 to 3 miles away.

Why couldn't the FBI wait until Koresh wrote his manuscript, as they
had promised they would. Does the fact that Koresh lied justify the
FBI's lying as well?

Will an "internal investigation" really reveal what happened, if in fact
the BATF and FBI are at least partly to blame?

How will we ever know if Koresh broke the law as was alleged in the
now-unsealed (finally!) warrant? Certainly we won't find out in a
court of law.

There's been a lot of talk about why the people didn't run out when
the fire started, but one survivor said that the tank had collapsed the
stairway and entryway and that the majority of the people were trapped.
Only those in another part of the house escaped.

People have commented on the unwillingness of the woman who came running
out of the house with her clothes ablaze to remain outside rather than
going back in. When was the last time you had your clothes on fire? Who 
the heck knows if you'd know which way you were running and why? I think
the FBI agent who grabbed her and pulled her to safety acted heroically, 
btw. I'm certainly not trying to paint a picture of the "evil feds" 
by any means. I simply question the decisions from start to finish
that led to the horrible tragedy of yesterday.




>-- 
>John Mechalas                                          "I'm not an actor, but
>mechalas@gn.ecn.purdue.edu                                 I play one on TV."
>Aero Engineering, Purdue University                     #include disclaimer.h
>
