Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.conspiracy:21774 soc.history:20888 talk.politics.mideast:75938
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!rochester!news.bbn.com!usc!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!dog.ee.lbl.gov!network.ucsd.edu!sdcc12!euclid!revans
From: revans@euclid.ucsd.edu (   )
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy,soc.history,talk.politics.mideast
Subject: Himmler's speech on the extirpation of the Jewish race
Message-ID: <48122@sdcc12.ucsd.edu>
Date: 18 Apr 93 21:19:21 GMT
Sender: news@sdcc12.ucsd.edu
Followup-To: alt.conspiracy
Lines: 42
Nntp-Posting-Host: euclid.ucsd.edu


 WASHINGTON - A stark reminder of the Holocaust--a speech by Nazi 
SS leader Heinrich Himmler that refers to "the extermination of the
Jewish race"--went on display Friday at the National Archives.
	The documents, including handwritten notes by Himmler, are
among the best evidence that exists to rebut claims that the
Holocaust is a myth, archivists say.
	"The notes give them their authenticity," said Robert Wolfe,
a supervisory archivist for captured German records.  "He was
supposed to destroy them.  Like a lot of bosses, he didn't obey his
own rules."
	The documents, moved out of Berlin to what Himmler hoped
would be a safe hiding place, were recovered by Allied forces after
World War II from a salt mine near Salzburg, Austria.
	Himmler spoke on Oct.4, 1943, in Posen, Poland, to more than
100 German secret police generals.  "I also want to talk to you,
quite frankly, on a very grave matter.  Among ourselves it should be
mentioned quite frankly, and yet we will never speak of it publicly.
I mean the clearing out of the Jew, the extermination of the Jewish
race.  This is a page of GLORY in our history which has never been
written and is never to be written."  [Emphasis mine--rje]
	The German word Himmler uses that is translated as
"extermination" is *Ausrottung*.
	Wolfe said a more precise translation would be "extirpation"
or "tearing up by the roots."
	In his handwritten notes, Himmler used a euphemism,
"Judenevakuierung" or "evacuation of the Jews."  But archives
officials said "extermination" is the word he actually
spoke--preserved on an audiotape in the archives.
	Himmler, who oversaw Adolf Hitler's "final solution of the
Jewish question," committed suicide after he was arrested in 1945.
	The National Archives exhibit, on display through May 16, is
a preview of the opening of the United States Holocaust Memorial
Museum here on April 26.
	The National Archives exhibit includes a page each of
Himmler's handwritten notes, a typed transcript from the speech and
an offical translation made for the Nuremberg war crimes trials.

	---From p.A10 of Saturday's L.A. Times, 4/17/93
	(Associated Press)
-- 
(revans@math.ucsd.edu)
