Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.politics.mideast:75947 talk.politics.misc:178469
Newsgroups: talk.politics.mideast,talk.politics.misc
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!wupost!uunet!psinntp!nysernet.org!astein
From: astein@nysernet.org (Alan Stein)
Subject: Re: Israel's Expansion
Message-ID: <1993Apr19.024949.27846@nysernet.org>
Organization: NYSERNet, Inc.
References: <18APR93.15729846.0076@VM1.MCGILL.CA>
Date: Mon, 19 Apr 1993 02:49:49 GMT
Lines: 41

B8HA000 <B8HA@MUSICB.MCGILL.CA> writes:

>Just a couple of questions for the pro-Israeli lobby out there:

>1) Is Israel's occupation of Southern Lebanon temporary?  For Mr.
>Stein:  I am working on a proof for you that Israel is diverting
>water to the Jordan River (away from Lebanese territory).

Israel has made it quite clear that it has absolutely no desire to
keep any Lebanese territory, and will leave completely after a peace
treaty is signed and Lebanon gains control of its own country from
Syria and controls the terrorists launching strikes against Israel
from Lebanon.

Considering this, it obviously would be pointless for Israel to be
working on diverting water away from Lebanese territory.

>2) Is Israel's occupation of the West Bank, Gaza, and Golan
>temporary?  If so (for those of you who support it), why were so
>many settlers moved into the territories?  If it is not temporary,
>let's hear it.

Who gets to keep what parts of Judea and Samaria will be determined in
a peace settlement.  Obviously, Israel will keep some, and the Arabs
will get some.

Israel has tried to get out of Gaza almost from the time it got stuck
with it.  It has been refused by the Arabs several times.  Although
there are some Israelis who are extremely reluctant to give it up, I
seriously doubt Israel will keep more than a tiny portion of it in any
settlement.

The Golan Heights is a serious security problem, and Israel obviously
will have to keep part of it and give up part of it.  (One should
remember that the Golan Heights had been part of the area that was to
be in Britain's Palestine Mandate, slated to become part of the Jewish
state, until Britain traded it to France for other considerations.  In
other words, it is an historical accident that it was ever part of
Syria.)
-- 
Alan H. Stein                     astein@israel.nysernet.org
