Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu soc.rights.human:14248 talk.politics.soviet:23459 talk.politics.mideast:76083 soc.culture.turkish:33724 alt.activism:42936
Newsgroups: soc.rights.human,talk.politics.soviet,talk.politics.mideast,soc.culture.turkish,alt.activism
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!darwin.sura.net!cos!cos!bob1
From: bob1@cos.com (Bob Blackshaw)
Subject: Re: No humanity in Bosnia
Message-ID: <bob1.734979872@cos>
Keywords: Barbarism
Organization: Corporation for Open Systems
References: <1qisrj$kla@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> <1993Apr15.135934.23814@julian.uwo.ca>
Distribution: world 
Date: Fri, 16 Apr 1993 17:04:32 GMT
Lines: 47

In <1993Apr15.135934.23814@julian.uwo.ca> mrizvi@gfx.engga.uwo.ca (Mr. Mubashir Rizvi) writes:

>It is very encouraging that a number of people took so interest in my posting.I recieved a couple of letters too,some has debated the statement that events in Bosnia are unprecedented in the history of the modern world.Those who contest this statement present the figures of the World War II.However we must keep in mind that it was a World War and no country had the POWER to stop it,today is the matter not of the POWER but of the WILL.It
>seems to be that what we lack is the will.

The idea of the U.S, or any other nation, taking action, i.e., military
intervention, in Bosnia has not been well thought out by those who 
advocate such action. After the belligerants are subdued, it would require
an occupation force for one or two generations. If you will stop and
think about it, you will realize that these people have never forgotten
a single slight or injury, they have imbibed hatred with their mother's
milk. If we stop the fighting, seize and destroy all weapons, they will
simply go back to killing each other with clubs. And the price for this
futility will be the lives of the young men and women we send there to
die. A price I am unwilling to even consider.

>Second point of difference (which makes it different from the holocast(sp?) ) is that at that time international community
>didnot have enough muscle to prevent the unfortunate event,

There is no valid comparison to the Holocaust. All of the Jewish people
that I have known as friends were not brought up to hate. To be wary of
others, most certainly, but not to hate. And except for the Warsaw
uprising, they were unarmed (and even in Warsaw badly out-gunned).
It is very easy to speak of muscle when they are someone else's muscles.
Suppose we do this thing, what will you tell the parents, wives, children,
lovers of those we are sending to die? That they gave their lives in some noble cause? Noble cause, separating some mad dogs who will turn on them.

Well, I will offer you some muscle. Suppose we tell them that they have
one week (this will give foreign nationals time to leave) to cease
their bloodshed. At the end of that week, bring in the Tomahawk firing
ships and destroy Belgrade as they destroyed the Bosnian cities. Perhaps
when some of their cities are reduced to rubble they will have a sudden
attack of brains. Send in missiles by all means, but do not send in
troops.

>today inspite of all the might,the international community is not just standing neutral but has placed an arms embargo which

By all means lift the embargo.

>is to the obvious disadvantage of the weeker side and therefore to the advantage of the bully.Hence indirecltly and possibly
>unintentionally, mankind has sided with the killers.And this,I think is unprecedented in the history of the modern world.

Which killers? Do you honestly believe they are all on one side?

>M.Rizvi
>   
REB
