Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.politics.misc:179040 talk.politics.mideast:76122
Newsgroups: talk.politics.misc,talk.politics.mideast
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!sdd.hp.com!apollo.hp.com!netnews
From: nelson_p@apollo.hp.com (Peter Nelson)
Subject: Re: Remember those names come election time.
Sender: usenet@apollo.hp.com (Usenet News)
Message-ID: <C5u4qI.Mz4@apollo.hp.com>
Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 13:13:30 GMT
References: <christopherU3AK1240pe@clarinet.com> <christopherU3AK245pe@clarinet.com> <C5syr3.G03@newsflash.concordia.ca>
Nntp-Posting-Host: c.ch.apollo.hp.com
Organization: Hewlett-Packard Corporation, Chelmsford, MA
Keywords: usa federal, government, international, non-usa government
Lines: 47

In article <C5syr3.G03@newsflash.concordia.ca> ilyess@ECE.Concordia.CA (Ilyess Bdira) writes:
>In article <christopherU3AK245pe@clarinet.com> clarinews@clarinet.com (SID BALMAN Jr.) writes:
> 	WASHINGTON (UPI) -- Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Tuesday
> there are better ideas to stop the human slaughter in the Balkans than
> ordering American fighters to bomb the Serbs, but a frustrated senator
> told him to do just that.

  Oh great.

  Today's headlines tell us that the Croatians and Bosnians are fighting
  each other throughout central Bosnia, in battles that the UN describes
  as "out of control" and atrocities being reported from both sides.
  These people are crazy.

  Right now the Serbians are Number One in violations of human rights
  and general carnage but crazed violence in the Balkans is like the
  car-rental business - if you're Number Two you just try harder.

  The region doesn't need military aid; it needs psychiatric help!
  We should bomb them with Thorazine and then air-drop several 
  regiments of psychotherapists.

  There is no justification for US military involvement because there
  is no reasonable, definable goal we can achieve militarily.  Sure,
  if send in several divisions of mechanized infantry we can probably
  stop the more egregious fighting; but only as long as we are willing
  to stay in there and play policeman and get shot at.  The minute we 
  leave or turn our backs they'll be at each other's throats again.
                                
  BTW, with Bosnia's large Moslem population, why have nations like 
  Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Egypt, and others with either money 
  or strong military forces not spoken out more forcibly or offered 
  to help out Bosnia?   The Turkish ambassador has ocassionally said
  a thing or two, but that's all; I see no great enthusism from any 
  of those places to get *their* hands dirty.    Why does the US always
  get stuck with this stuff?

  Besides, there's no case that can be made for US military involvement
  there that doesn't apply equally well to, say, Liberia, Angola, or
  (it appears with the Khmer Rouge's new campaign) Cambodia.   Non-whites
  don't count?


---peter



