Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.politics.mideast:76458 soc.culture.arabic:19055
Newsgroups: talk.politics.mideast,soc.culture.arabic
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!pacific.mps.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!sdd.hp.com!ux1.cso.uiuc.edu!newsrelay.iastate.edu!destroyer!cs.ubc.ca!utcsri!newsflash.concordia.ca!alcor!benali
From: benali@alcor.concordia.ca ( ILYESS B. BDIRA )
Subject: Egypt call for fighting fundamentalists, objects to pro-Bosnian steps
Message-ID: <benali.735954392@alcor>
Keywords: international, united nations, government, non-usa government, 	fighting
Sender: usenet@newsflash.concordia.ca (USENET News System)
Nntp-Posting-Host: alcor.concordia.ca
Organization: Concordia University, Montreal, Canada
References: <yugoslavU3FA1005ae@clarinet.com> <yugoslavUR39b_3JH@clarinet.com> <yugoslav-muslimsU3AR625pe@clarinet.com>
Date: Tue, 27 Apr 1993 23:46:32 GMT
Lines: 43

It seems that Egypt is only interested in fighting wars against its own
people, while objecting to any steps for Bosnia.. I am not surprised,
WHo said that Mubarak represents Egypt (Hell he does not even represent
all the criminals of Egypt)

clarinews@clarinet.com (ANWAR IQBAL) writes:

>	ISLAMABAD (UPI) -- Representatives from 51 Islamic nations were
>considering Tuesday a request from Bosnia-Herzegovina for $260 million
>and weapons to fight the Bosnian Serbs.
....
>	The only commitment so far is $20 million from Saudi Arabia, which

Thanks Saudia for the pocket change.
Compare that to the "Liberation of Q8" and to what they gave to some
weird causes.. O.K at least they are paying.

>has already donated $100 million to Bosnia-Herzegovina.
>	Sources on the political committee said delegates were in agreement
>on the need to help the Bosnian Muslims, but the request for weapons had
>delayed a decision.
>	``It may interpreted as violating the United Nations' embargo on
>supplying arms to Bosnia,'' warned Egyptian Foreign Minister Amer
>Moussa.

Mr. Amr Moussa was not worried about International law when he tortured
to death  many of his citizens and when he shot people praying in a Mosque,
or when he is causing trouble to his neighbor just becasue the CIA says so.
Why doesn't he just shut up, he won't be involved in any Bosnian effort
anyway, or does the west have to be represented even in an Islamic conference?

The more I hear about the Egyptian regime, the more I understand the
existence of the "Jamaa Islamiyah" there. After all most of its members
and leaders are former and current victims of government torture, injustice,
or relatives of victims. In some other places they get psychiatric care AND
revenge in the COURTS. But all they got is more of the same resulting  in a 
cycle of madness that is initiated by the government with the illicit support 
of the west who is more concerned about the safety of half naked tourists in
conservative neighborhoods than the dignity, social justice, and safety of the
majority of the poor oppressed people of Egypt. Enough said.

To all Apologists to the U.S imperialism: watch the movie "Romero" (1984)
three times in a row, that might help. (or shall I say 13 times?)
