Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.atheism:53395 talk.religion.misc:83804
Newsgroups: alt.atheism,talk.religion.misc
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!ira.uka.de!math.fu-berlin.de!news.netmbx.de!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!news.funet.fi!ousrvr.oulu.fi!phoenix.oulu.fi!kempmp
From: kempmp@phoenix.oulu.fi (Petri Pihko)
Subject: Re: After 2000 years, can we say that Christian Morality is
Message-ID: <1993Apr21.015303.21777@ousrvr.oulu.fi>
Sender: news@ousrvr.oulu.fi
Organization: University of Oulu, Finland
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.1 PL6]
References: <C5Mw03.9qr@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>
Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 01:53:03 GMT
Lines: 135

Bill Conner (bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu) wrote:

: If there is a God as described by the Christians (for instance), then
: He has existence apart from and independent of humankind; His
: existence is outside of our frame of reference (reality).

Thus, god does not _really_ exist. How true. This claim would
lend substantial support to the notion that religions are actually
seamless virtual realities.

Does god exist or not? To us, this question is a true dichotomy.

Can god know a reason for her existence? If she is omniscient, then
she must know this. There is a philosophical problem whether anything
can exist without a time frame - for instance, if it were possible to
observe our universe from 'outside', in the neverness surrounding
this universe, it would never have existed. 

Thus, we are faced with a trilemma:

1) God 'meta-exists', and from this meta-existing perspective she
created existence, the Universe and everything. 

This implies that the universe was not actually formed of nothing, which
is precisely what many theories of cosmogenesis (Lizhi & Shuxian: 
Creation of the Universe) say. This 'nothingness' is not empty enough,
it is not the transcendental nothingness where there is no existence,
until (there is no 'when' yet, but never mind) god, the source of
all existence, started to play. I fail to see the difference between
these two forms of nothingness, though. If there isn't one, it might
be god is not necessary for creation.

It is obvious that the levels of 'meta-existence' are not necessarily
limited to god, there might be a 'meta-god' on some other level.

2) God exists, and has always existed (she has a timescale, which
is different from our own). This sounds sensible, but it is difficult
to conceive how she could know why she exists - a being which
has always existed, and is infinitely conscious of itself, can
remember that she has always been the same, and perhaps know herself
completely, but she cannot know why she exists, and how she knows
everything she knows. Would a knowledge of how a being with a 
personality (a subjective viewpoint) knows everything be this
being's knowledge? A conscious being conscious of everything is
actually a contradiction in terms - it means that god is only
conscious of herself, since we, and the whole universe, are
already incorporated in her mental models, thoroughly modelled.
Actually, a conscious being conscious of only itself is not
conscious at all. 

3) God is herself the Existence. This is nothing more than an Orwellian
redefinition of the word existence. A logical consequence of this
statement is that god is actually _all_ existence. I think this is
also called a form of pantheism.

: If this
: being declares a thing to be so, it is -necessarily- so since He has
: defined Himself as omnipotent and, if His claims are to be believed,
: He is at least omnipotent relative to us. God is intrinsically
: self-defined and all reality is whatever He says it is - in an
: objective sense.

In a reality god is supposed to have created, I cannot believe in
her, is that my fault or the creator's fault? God gave me freedom
of choice, but nevertheless knows what I will opt for, is it fair
play on her side?

If god has a conscious mind, in any sense, she has a point of view.
I'd say she is entitled to her opinions about me, but I still insist
that any harm she might attempt to do to me will be met with 
resistance and disapproval. 

: If God determines a standard of conduct, that standard is objective.

No, an objective standard means something independent on _any_
subjective viewpoint, _including_ god's point of view. 

: If human beings are held accountable for their conformance to that
: standard while permitted to ignore it, they substitute a relative
: morality or mode of conduct, giving the term morality a nebulous,
: meaningless sense that can be argued about by those pretending to
: misunderstand. The standard is objective and the conduct required to
: meet that standard is therefore objectively determined.

What standard? My morality (and my conscience)  disagrees with the
'standards' of the Bible. Which one to ignore? How to interpret
any divine standard? There is a great discrepancy even among 
Christians on this. For instance, the Bible does not condemn
female homosexuality - why many Christians do, thinking god doesn't
accept it anyway?

Bill, to reject a concept of any objective morality does not make the
term nebulous. Morality is the subjective aspect of societal behaviour,
something we can change, and something that _must_ change when
societies change. It might be some basic concepts are hard-wired
in our brains by evolution, but in the end, we must decide ourselves.
I don't think people need religion to keep them moral; 
thinking goes beyond threat of punishment. 

: Just because it is convenient to pretend that the term morality is
: infinitely malleable, doesn't mean that the objective standard itself
: doesn't exist. Morality has come to mean little more than a cultural
: norm, or the preferred conduct of "decent" people, making it seem
: subjective, but it is derived from an absolute, objective, standard.

I've yet to see an objective standard that is 

a) universally applicable (today and tomorrow)
b) universally acceptable (not against our own concepts of what is
moral and what isn't)

: Ironically, this objective standard is in perfect accord with our true
: nature (according to Christianity at least), yet is condemned as being
: contrary to human nre, oppressive and severe. This may be due as
: much to our amoral inclinations as to the standard itself, but like it
: or not, it's there.

I don't think Christian morality is of a particularly high standard,
although it is probably a reflection of high morals of the time,
and much of it is still applicable. The problem is that I can't
agree with it all. This is not a question of comforting my
conscience with a thought that "I won't be responsible with what
I do", as Christians would put it. My conscience is in an irreconcilable
conflict with the Bible on homosexuality, Paul's idea of women's
role in marriage etc... and the whole idea that I should believe
in someone I got no help from in this task.

Petri


--
 ___. .'*''.*        Petri Pihko    kem-pmp@          Mathematics is the Truth.
!___.'* '.'*' ' .    Pihatie 15 C    finou.oulu.fi    Physics is the Rule of
       ' *' .* '*    SF-90650 OULU  kempmp@           the Game.
          *'  *  .*  FINLAND         phoenix.oulu.fi  -> Chemistry is The Game.
