Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.atheism:54095 talk.religion.misc:84311 talk.origins:41148 alt.consciousness:1286 alt.pagan:29981
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!cs.utexas.edu!sun-barr!west.West.Sun.COM!news2me.EBay.Sun.COM!exodus.Eng.Sun.COM!hernes-sun!emarsh
From: emarsh@hernes-sun.Eng.Sun.COM (Eric Marsh)
Newsgroups: alt.atheism,talk.religion.misc,talk.origins,alt.consciousness,alt.pagan
Subject: Magick and parallel universes (was: The Universe and Black Holes)
Date: 22 Apr 1993 17:19:28 GMT
Organization: Sun
Lines: 45
Message-ID: <ltdkt0INNrjr@exodus.Eng.Sun.COM>
References: <1qvmk2$csk@morrow.stanford.edu> <lt8d3bINNj1g@exodus.Eng.Sun.COM> <IfpMCx600VB986FZFR@andrew.cmu.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: hernes-sun

In article <IfpMCx600VB986FZFR@andrew.cmu.edu> nm0w+@andrew.cmu.edu (Nanci Ann Miller) writes:
>emarsh@hernes-sun.Eng.Sun.COM (Eric Marsh) writes:
>> BTW, the parallel universe approach implys an element of mind in the
>> very physical reality of the universe. 

>This sounds interesting... but what exactly do you mean?  

Well, the best thing to do is to read the book "Parallel Universes"
by Dr. Fred Wolf. 

In essence, Dr. Wolf says that one interpretation of the sub-atomic
particle/wave duality is that what we perceive as a wave is actually
an infinate number of parallel universes overlaid, and in each of
these universes there is a particle in a different location. When we
do something to make a particle "appear," we are actually causing
all the parallel universes to collapse into one. Apparently this is
one line of thought on the nature of QM, that is going through some
of the scientific community.

Dr. Wolf (and many others) claim that somehow the collapse is caused
by the mental effort of observing the particle. This implys that
mind is more than merely a biological phenomenon. He then extrapolates
that if mind is an integral part of the universe, then perhaps consciousness
is the element that gives order and form to the universe(s) it/themself(s).

It all gets rather interesting, but what I find facinating is that
this would explain the phenomenon of "magick" as practiced in my
religion. Dr. Wolf speculates that the ordering functionality of mind
could be caused by the selection of a future from an infinite number of
possible futures; he says that this might be done by some sort of
communication between ones current, and possible future selves. 
I have long speculated that if magick is not merely a form of self
delusion then perhaps it could be caused by some sort of a selection
of one of many possible futures.

I realize that this gets pretty bizarre, but it never hurts to keep 
an open mind and at least file it all away as another possibile 
explaination of the world in which we find ourselves. After all, the
more we learn about the universe in which we live, the more we learn
that it is truly a very strange place.

>Nanci

eric

