Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.religion.misc:83480 talk.politics.misc:178366 sci.skeptic:43224
Newsgroups: talk.religion.misc,talk.politics.misc,sci.skeptic
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!das-news.harvard.edu!noc.near.net!uunet!world!rjk
From: rjk@world.std.com (Robert J. Kolker)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?
Message-ID: <C5s5DG.DL8@world.std.com>
Organization: The World Public Access UNIX, Brookline, MA
References: <93109.231733ISSCCK@BYUVM.BITNET>
Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 11:32:03 GMT
Lines: 42

Just to follow up on Casper's posting. I have been following this business
since it started 52 days ago.  The Branch Davidians have occupied the Mt.
Carmel location for some years, and their neighbors (you know, the people
next door) have said to a man, that the BD folks were quiet and never
bothered anybody.

There were some defector from the BD who alleged child abuse within the
movement, but how does this bring in the Feds? In particular what interest
would ATF have in child abuse. O.K. It was the allegation of possesing
illegal automatic weapons.  A search warrant could have been obtained
(properly) only on probable cause. This means that some evidence that an
illegal auto weapon was shipped in, or an illegal kit for converting
semi-auto weapons to full automatic was purchased or shipped.

In either case, how does this require an NO-KNOCK warrent, with a bunch of
macho hot dog assholes busting into the place *without* identifying
themselves. Milleniests tend to be a bit paranoid anyway. It is no
surprise they shot when invaded. Hell I am not a religious extremist and I
might have done the same myself. If the DEA busted into my house by
mistake without identifying themselve and I had a gun in my hand, I would
shoot first and wonder later.

So if it was illegal guns, the ATF should have gotten a normal warrant
(how can you flush a 50 calibre machine gun down the toilet?) and
presented it in a peaceful normal way. David Koresh has had brushes with
the law, even standing trial for attempted murder in which he was
acquitted. In every prior brush with the law, Koresh and his people acted
peacibly. There was no prior action on the part of the BD folks to
indicate that they were any danger to society.

NOTE: The question of whether the BD people were religious extremists or
slight daft is totally irrelevant. It is *not* against the law to be
looney or zany.

Look and learn folks. And be VERY afraid.

Conan the Libertarian


-- 
"If you can't love the Constitution, then at least hate the Government"

