Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.religion.misc:83864 talk.politics.misc:178921 sci.skeptic:43512
Newsgroups: talk.religion.misc,talk.politics.misc,sci.skeptic
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!das-news.harvard.edu!noc.near.net!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!venice!gumby.dsd.trw.com!trwacs.fp.trw.com!trwacs!erwin
From: erwin@trwacs.fp.trw.com (Harry Erwin)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?
Message-ID: <erwin.735572878@trwacs>
Organization: TRW Systems Division, Fairfax VA
References: <C5rLps.Fr5@world.std.com> <1993Apr20.142356.456@ra.royalroads.ca> <erwin.735329812@trwacs> <2008@tecsun1.tec.army.mil>
Date: Fri, 23 Apr 1993 13:47:58 GMT
Lines: 59

My apologies. I really didn't have the time to chase down a slew of
references from 10-20 years ago when I was looking at these issues.
>The mother church of Jerusalem disappeared when the Romans took the city.
>Despite some pious legends, the evidence seems to be that the members of
>the church died fighting the Romans during what they believed to be the
>last days. We know that certain Apostles had nicknames connecting them to
>Jewish terrorist groups. For the average inhabitant of the Roman Empire
>(especially after centuries of political instability and terror), the
>Roman policies in Palestine were heartily approved of. When studied with
a
>knowledge of cult psychology, Acts is eerily familiar, especially today.

1. The mother church did disappear at the time of the Roman attack. James
the Just was judicially murdered a few years earlier, but there is
evidence that the church survived him. There is no evidence that it still
existed after the assault on the city. The individuals historically
associated with that church disappear at that time. 

2. The followers of Jesus included a number of individuals whose nicknames
suggested connections with the Jewish terrorism of the time (Zealotes,
Iscariot, "Sons of Thunder").

3. For cult psychology, there's an extensive literature.

4. For an understanding of the motivation of the members of the Jerusalem
church, there is a mixed collection of sources. The Anchor Bible has some
interesting articles, but one thing I've noticed about biblical
scholarship is that intellectual honesty and a skeptical approach are
notably lacking. You basically have to spread your net wide and then
winnow. (For example, Allegro and Schoenfeld have some interesting ideas,
but they were both "over the top.") Many interesting ideas have not been
followed up, mostly due to religious reasons. What was the connection of
early Christian theology to Samaritan dualism and proto-gnosticism? (See
Stephen's speech in Acts for a Samaritan interpretation of the
crucifixion.) Schweitzer's interpretation of Jesus's motivations could be
updated, especially now that we have the Essene and Chenoboskian
materials. And so it goes. (For instance, the convincing statistical
evidence concerning the authorship of the Pauline materials has been
completely ignored by biblical scholars.)

I don't track this area much any more. (My coursework is 20 years old.) I
have a personal theory that the synoptics were written in Syria during the
course of the Jewish Revolt. I suspect Mark was written before the fall of
Jerusalem as an apology to get the Romans and Roman-sympathizers off the
back of the local Greek Christians. Matthew and Luke were written with
similar goals, but incorporating additional materials. Given the evidence
in the Gospel of Thomas (Chenoboskien), I suspect Q came from a Samaritan
(proto-gnostic) milieu. In any case, they were written in an environment
cut off by time or circumstances from Jerusalem, not expecting further
contact, and not wanting to be connected by outsiders to the themes of the
doctrines held by the Jerusalem church.

Sorry about the lack of documentation, but the time is hard to find.


-- 
Harry Erwin
Internet: erwin@trwacs.fp.trw.com
Have found some interesting work...
