Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!gatech!psuvax1!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!athos.rutgers.edu!christian
From: Petch@gvg47.gvg.tek.com (Chuck Petch)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: Anybody out there?
Message-ID: <Apr.10.05.31.26.1993.14359@athos.rutgers.edu>
Date: 10 Apr 93 09:31:27 GMT
Sender: hedrick@athos.rutgers.edu
Organization: Grass Valley Group, Grass Valley, CA
Lines: 30
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

I seldom see any posts in this group. Is anyone out there in Christendom
listening? If so, why don't we get some dialog going here?

Here's a topic to get things started. My daughter's Christian school sends
home a weekly update on school related topics. This week they sent
something *very* interesting. It was an article written by the leader of a
national (US) Christian school organization about a trip he recently made
to Jerusalem. While there, he was introduced to one of the rabbis who is
working on a project to rebuild the Temple at Jerusalem. The article
included photos of the many furnishings that have already been made in
preparation for furnishing the rebuilt temple according to the
specifications given in the Bible. 

What was even more striking is the fact that the plans for the temple are
complete and the group is only awaiting permission from the Israeli
government before beginning the building. The other startling fact is the
very recent archeological discovery that the original site of the temple is
unoccupied and available for building. Previously it has been thought that
the original site was underneath what is now a mosque, making rebuilding
impossible without sparking a holy war. 

Now it appears that nothing stands in the way of rebuilding and resuming
sacrifices, as the Scriptures indicate will happen in the last days.
Although the Israeli government will give the permission to start, I think
it is the hand of God holding the project until He is ready to let it
happen. Brothers and sisters, the time is at hand. Our redemption is
drawing near. Look up!

[Postings are in the range of 30 to 50 per day, except weekends.
If people aren't seeing that, we've got propagation problems.  --clh]
