Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!ames!sun-barr!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!athos.rutgers.edu!christian
From: jayne@mmalt.guild.org (Jayne Kulikauskas)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: re: Pantheism and Environmentalism
Message-ID: <Apr.10.05.33.11.1993.14407@athos.rutgers.edu>
Date: 10 Apr 93 09:33:12 GMT
Sender: hedrick@athos.rutgers.edu
Organization: Kulikauskas home
Lines: 31
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

KEVXU@cunyvm.bitnet writes:

[deleted]
> first paragraph and the mention of pantheism.  Is pantheism "perverted"
> and "dangerous", or just not one's cup of tea?  None of this is clear.

I can't speak for Mr. Cavano, but I understood his comment to refer to 
the idea that unrecognized pantheism is dangerous to Christians.  If we 
unthinkingly adopt pantheistic ideas that are opposed to Christianity, 
we can pervert our faith.  When we clearly recognize pantheism when we 
encounter it we have the opportunity to embrace what is consistent with 
Christianity and reject what isn't.    

We need to be alert, always thinking and questioning.  We must examine 
the underlying assumptions of every book we read, tv program we watch 
and socio-political movement we participate in.  Ideas are important.  
Philosophies and doctrines are what give form to the events of our 
lives.  They are the basis from which we live our lives of love and 
service.  The command to love God with all one's mind means no fuzzy-
headed drifting from idea to idea. 

> and that consumerism and our rapacious style of living
> are so rarely called by their appropriate name: Greed.

One Christian who acknowledges this is the Pope.  It is a frequent theme 
in his writings.  Indeed, thoughtful Christians from most traditions 
recognize that consumerism has no place in the lives of Christians.  It 
too is a perversion and dangerous to our faith.  Thank you, Jack, for 
pointing out the parallel. 

Jayne Kulikauskas/ jayne@mmalt.guild.org
