Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.atheism:53481 talk.religion.misc:83854
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!ames!decwrl!decwrl!morrow.stanford.edu!pangea.Stanford.EDU!salem
From: salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU (Bruce Salem)
Newsgroups: alt.atheism,talk.religion.misc
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality  References: <4fm9iYO00iV303voYt@andrew.cmu.edu>
Date: 20 Apr 1993 04:23:19 GMT
Organization: Stanford Univ. Earth Sciences
Lines: 87
Message-ID: <1qvtrn$ja0@morrow.stanford.edu>
References: <C5prv8.5nI@news.cso.uiuc.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: pangea.stanford.edu

In article <C5prv8.5nI@news.cso.uiuc.edu> cobb@alexia.lis.uiuc.edu (Mike Cobb) writes:
>I'll yield the discussion on absolute morality until I can think of another way
>to discuss it.  If you're interested in a change, here's an idea.

	Do you believe in absolute morality? And do you have absolute
knowledge? Mere mortal you? And if you claim that your God has absolute
knowledge, then you have have absolute knowledge of that?

	If you read the Bible and claim that it is the Word of God, and
in it is contained the absolute moral code you ascribe to, but the prophets,
no matter how divinely inspired are not gods but mere fallable mortals,
then how can you be absolutely sure that they having heard the Word of
God, have got it right? Also, you read their words in translation which
invariably introduces errors of nuance and usage, and then how do you
know that you got the right message? I assert that you do not, and that
you do not have absolute knowledge of anything, including absolute morals.

	The only way you can assert such things is through appeal to
prejudice via appeal by force of authority through yourself or a group
you have aligned yourself to.

>If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? 

	Because social pressure is the most powerful force known to
man. How can you disprove a contention that the richeousness of
established religion is anything other than social convention? One
way is to assert that there are moral universals. But that is not
the same thing as asserting that these universials owe their origen
to trancendance or the supernatural or to dieties.

>What right do
>we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally mandated morality?

	We expect empathy from our fellow man. We expect to raise each
generation with values that we live by, those which assure that mistakes
we have made are not repeated. Do you think that mere authority checks
all tendancies which are disruptive of civilized life? I think not! In fact
authority is power, and power corrupts. The most powerful tend to think
that they are above the law that applies to everybody else. Religious
authority, theocarcy, has not mitigated this any better than other
power structures on this score and it seems that because there are no
checks on power concentrated in clergy or nobility that the abuses
recorded by history are greater.

	We live and teach morals by setting an example, starting in
the home. This does not come from books or authority figures in
soceity. If people are weak or confused at the present time it is
not because the breakup of the family has been precipitated by some
mysterious moral decidance that redidication to traditional formulas
will repair. That is but magical and simplistic thinking. We need to
look at forces in the way we live, even the good things that happen
in our present culture, that are weakening the family as the primary
means we have to teach children values. Of course people are trying
to have the community do things that once were done in the family
alone. This may not be as effective. We need to look at this.

>Pardon the extremism, but couldn't I murder your "brother" and say
> that I was 
>exercising my rights as I saw them, was doing what felt good, didn't want
>anyone forcing their morality on me, or I don't follow your "morality" ?

	Laying down the law, and with teeth, doesn't stop the crazy
man from murdering your brother despite the morality or the law. It
may help you with dealing promptly with him after the fact, but it
may not be very effective for preventing mental illness or cracy people
from murduring.

	It is quite interesting how ineffective moral authoritarianism
is in fact. It may work best in societies that are already sonmewhat
isolated, that do not experience change, and have long standing
traditions. In a basic way moral codes decrease the number of decisions
people have to make everyday. In a real sense thay allow people to not
have to think. That is OK when things are stable, but it becomes a
problem when conditions change. This leads me to think that morals are
not sumething fundemental, at least most of them, recalling that there
are values all people seem to agree on, but mutate in response to outside
political, economic, technical, and cultural influiences.

	Lately, I have come to regard people who speak like you
with great suspicion, especially when they include the pharse "for
the children.". I think that such people are more of an imparative to
want to  control what others do and think than other more nobil pursuits,
such as of the truth.

Bruce Salem


