Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.atheism:53578 talk.religion.misc:83940
Newsgroups: alt.atheism,talk.religion.misc
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!moe.ksu.ksu.edu!osuunx.ucc.okstate.edu!constellation!darkside!okcforum.osrhe.edu!bil
From: bil@okcforum.osrhe.edu (Bill Conner)
Subject: Re: Societal basis for morality  References: <4fm9iYO00iV303voYt@andrew.cmu.edu>
Message-ID: <C5wyKr.B45@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu>
Followup-To: alt.atheism,talk.religion.misc
Sender: news@darkside.osrhe.uoknor.edu
Nntp-Posting-Host: okcforum.osrhe.edu
Organization: Okcforum Unix Users Group
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.1 PL9]
References: <1qvtrn$ja0@morrow.stanford.edu>
Date: Fri, 23 Apr 1993 01:53:15 GMT
Lines: 62

Bruce Salem (salem@pangea.Stanford.EDU) wrote:

: >If morals come from what is societally accepted, why follow that? 

: 	Because social pressure is the most powerful force known to
: man. How can you disprove a contention that the richeousness of
: established religion is anything other than social convention? One
: way is to assert that there are moral universals. But that is not
: the same thing as asserting that these universials owe their origen
: to trancendance or the supernatural or to dieties.

: >What right do
: >we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally mandated morality?

: 	We expect empathy from our fellow man. We expect to raise each
: generation with values that we live by, those which assure that mistakes
: we have made are not repeated. Do you think that mere authority checks
: all tendancies which are disruptive of civilized life? I think not! In fact
: authority is power, and power corrupts. The most powerful tend to think
: that they are above the law that applies to everybody else. Religious
: authority, theocarcy, has not mitigated this any better than other
: power structures on this score and it seems that because there are no
: checks on power concentrated in clergy or nobility that the abuses
: recorded by history are greater.

: 	We live and teach morals by setting an example, starting in
: the home. This does not come from books or authority figures in
: soceity. If people are weak or confused at the present time it is
: not because the breakup of the family has been precipitated by some
: mysterious moral decidance that redidication to traditional formulas
: will repair. That is but magical and simplistic thinking. We need to
: look at forces in the way we live, even the good things that happen
: in our present culture, that are weakening the family as the primary
: means we have to teach children values. Of course people are trying
: to have the community do things that once were done in the family
: alone. This may not be as effective. We need to look at this.

..

: 	Laying down the law, and with teeth, doesn't stop the crazy
: man from murdering your brother despite the morality or the law. It
: may help you with dealing promptly with him after the fact, but it
: may not be very effective for preventing mental illness or cracy people
: from murduring.

Bruce,

   It seems like you are advocating social change based on your
concept of human nature, and that concept seems pretty Utopian. It's
obvious from even a cursory study of history that no system,
regardless of the authority it may claim for its basis, will make
people act any better. Until human nature changes, the products of our
nature won't change, and that has to include society. I think your
assessment of human potential in this regard is too optimistic.

   What is needed is an absolute moral standard if -all- people are to
create any Utopias. By implying a Utopian future, you also argue for
an absolute standard that applies to everyone in every case. I realize
that you may not acknowledge the connection, but it's there.

Bill

