Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.religion.misc:83649 talk.politics.misc:178601 sci.skeptic:43301
Newsgroups: talk.religion.misc,talk.politics.misc,sci.skeptic
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!ira.uka.de!math.fu-berlin.de!ifmsun8.ifm.uni-hamburg.de!rzsun2.informatik.uni-hamburg.de!news.DKRZ-Hamburg.DE!dscomsa!dscomsa.desy.de!hallam
From: hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?
Message-ID: <C5tAow.6oD@dscomsa.desy.de>
Lines: 64
Sender: hallam@vxdesy.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker)
Reply-To: hallam@zeus02.desy.de
Organization: DESYDeutsches Elektronen Synchrotron, Experiment ZEUS bei HERA
References: <93109.231733ISSCCK@BYUVM.BITNET> <wcscps.735321331@cunews>
Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 02:24:32 GMT


In article <wcscps.735321331@cunews>, wcscps@superior.carleton.ca (Mike Richardson) writes:

[Lots of good points re Mormons in the US]

The founding fathers of the US were hardly great on religious freedoms. At
least one history I have read formed the opinion that they left for the
US not to practice religious freedom but to practice religious intolerance.

I don't think that my lot were particularly mainstream in those days either.
Mind you like the Budhists I somehow doubt the Quakers would ever form a
militant religious fanatic movement.


|>  Or laws to stop companies from making look-alike Ford/GM car parts, and
|>selling them as the real thing?  The first people that got raided were antique
|>companies who made 'real GM' parts for 1930's cars.

Wooa there!!! I have a classic car. If I buy a body pannel for $300 after
being told that it is genuine BL and discover that it is a non original
copy value $50 I get real pissed. If I can get the genuine article I will
pay a lot for it because not only will it cost much less to fit (probably
meaning that its cheaper overall) but it also means that the car is worth
a hell of a lot more. Even on a twenty year old car there is a big
difference in a baddly restored car where much of the work needs to be
redone and a concours classic. I got mine for 600 quid because it was
in a shitty state from bad repairs. If it had been well repaired it would
be worth a hell of a lot more.

Are you really saying that Ford and GM are having companies beat up for
infringing copyright on parts they don't make? I find that very hard to
beleive. In the UK they are very sympathetic - Ford recently dug out
the Cortina Mk I body press so that some company could make a few more.
BL does amazing stuff, they kept the entire assembly line for the MGs
and helped set up a company to remanufacture new bodyshells.

There is a hell of a difference between remanufacturing and passing off.
The former I can't see anyone trying to stop. Most car cos see classic
vehicles as a damn good ad for them. The latter though is fraud. If a
part is described to me as real GM and money taken under that assurance
when they know it ain't GM that's fraud.


|>  It's the people who blindy believe that the government does the best in
|>everything for them who are _really_ dangerous.

It really is odd. I post saying that the US govt does appauling things
under Regan, Bush etc. in foreign policy. The right get really pissed. 
Then when I point out that nobody seems to have posted a better suggestion
as to how to solve the WACO affair they come with the govt paranoia
bit. It's like they reserve their ability to criticise the govt for 
when they feel their interests are threatened but don't give a cuss about
anyone else.

You should revers that attitude. When your interests are threatened its
way too late. You have to challenge the govt when it is attacking
someone else's interests. 

That does not mean however that you can start calling the govt the 
equivalent of the NAZI party on the basis of an unfortunate outcome
in a hostage situation.


Phill Hallam-Baker
