Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.religion.misc:83695 talk.politics.misc:178684 sci.skeptic:43321
Newsgroups: talk.religion.misc,talk.politics.misc,sci.skeptic
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!rochester!udel!darwin.sura.net!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!gatech!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!netnews.srv.cs.cmu.edu!gerry
From: gerry@cmu.edu (Gerry Roston)
Subject: Re: Who's next? Mormons and Jews?
In-Reply-To: hallam@dscomsa.desy.de's message of Wed, 21 Apr 1993 02:24:32 GM
Message-ID: <GERRY.93Apr21130354@onion.cmu.edu>
Sender: news@cs.cmu.edu (Usenet News System)
Nntp-Posting-Host: onion.frc.ri.cmu.edu
Reply-To: gerry@cmu.edu (Gerry Roston)
Organization: Field Robotics Center, CMU
References: <93109.231733ISSCCK@BYUVM.BITNET> <wcscps.735321331@cunews> <C5tAow.6oD@dscomsa.desy.de>
Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 18:03:54 GMT
Lines: 221

In  hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker) writes:

   The founding fathers of the US were hardly great on religious freedoms. At
   least one history I have read formed the opinion that they left for the
   US not to practice religious freedom but to practice religious intolerance.

Sigh, see what our school systems are producing?  Total confusion!
The original English settlers were, probably, the most intolerant lot
of people to ever assemble.  However, the Founding Fathers
(Washington, Jefferson, Madison, etc.), practically made it their
life's work to ensure that religious intolerance would not destroy
their great experiment... a democratic republic.

I strongly suggest that those interested get some of Jefferson's and
Madison's writings. Particularly good is Madison's "(something)and
Remonstrance", [yea, I'm litterate and have functioning memory cells
:-( ].  IMHO, Jefferson and Madison were the two greatest American's
who ever lived. Although both were products of their time (Jefferson
was a slave owner), they were able to see more clearly than their
contemporaries, and for that matter, more clearly than most modern
politicians. Their prose is the epitome of eloquence. I don't know
about y'all, but reading the Declaration of Independence give me
mental goosebumps. (For those who have never read it, I am appending a
copy of it.)

--

In CONGRESS, July 4, 1776

The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America,

When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with
another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and
equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle
them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they
should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable
Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of
Happiness.  That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted
among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the
governed.  That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of
these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it,
and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such
principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall
seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.  Prudence,
indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be
changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience
hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are
sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which
they are accustomed.  But when a long train of abuses and usurpations,
pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them
under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to
throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future
security.

Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is
now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems
of Government.  The history of the present King of Great Britain is a
history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct
object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States.  To
prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.

He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary
for the public good.

He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing
importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should
be obtained, and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend
to them.

He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large
districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of
Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and
formidable to tyrants only.

He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual,
uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public
Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with
his measures.

He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with
manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.

He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause
others to be elected; whereby the Legislative powers, incapable of
Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise;
the State remaining in the meantime exposed to all the dangers of
invasion from without, and convulsions within.

He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that
purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners;
refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and
raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.

He has obstructed the Administration of Justice, by refusing his
Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers.

He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone, for the tenure of
their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.

He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of
Officers to harass our people, and eat out their substance.

He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies, without the
consent of our legislatures.

He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to
the Civil power.

He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to
our constitution and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to
their Acts of pretended Legislation:
For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:
For protecting them by a mock Trial from punishment for any Murders
    which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:
For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:
For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent:
For depriving us in many cases of the benefits of Trial by Jury:
For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences:
For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring
    Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and
    enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example
    and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into
    these Colonies:
For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws and
    altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments:
For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested
    with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.

He has abdicated Government here by declaring us out of his Protection
and waging War against us.

He has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and
destroyed the lives of our people.

He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to
complete the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun
with circumstances of cruelty and perfidy scarcely paralleled in the
most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized
nation.

He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas
to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of
their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands.

He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured
to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian
Savages, whose known rule of warfare is an undistinguished destruction
of all ages, sexes and conditions.

In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in
the most humble terms.  Our repeated Petitions have been answered only
by repeated injury.  A Prince, whose character is thus marked by every
act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free
people.

Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our British brethren.
We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature
    to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us.
We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and
    settlement here.
We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity,
    and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow
    these usurpations, which would inevitably interrupt our connections
    and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the voice of justice 
    and of consanguinity.
We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our
    Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies 
    in War, in Peace Friends.

We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in
General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the
world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by the
authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and
declare.  That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be
Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all
Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection
between them and the State of Great Britain is and ought to be totally
dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full
Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish
Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States
may of right do.  And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm
reliance on the protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to
each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.

New Hampshire: Josiah Bartlett, William Whipple, Matthew Thornton
Massachusetts: John Hancock, Samual Adams, John Adams, Robert Treat Paine,
    Elbridge Gerry
Rhode Island: Stephen Hopkins, William Ellery
Connecticut: Roger Sherman, Samuel Huntington, William Williams, Oliver Wolcott
New York: William Floyd, Philip Livingston, Francis Lewis, Lewis Morris
New Jersey: Richard Stockton, John Witherspoon, Francis Hopkinson, John Hart,
    Abraham Clark
Pennsylvania: Robert Morris, Benjamin Rush, Benjamin Franklin, John Morton,
    George Clymer, James Smith, George Taylor, James Wilson, George Ross
Delaware: Caesar Rodney, George Read, Thomas McKean
Maryland: Samuel Chase, William Paca, Thomas Stone,
    Charles Carroll of Carrollton
Virginia: George Wythe, Richard Henry Lee, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Harrison,
Thomas Nelson, Jr., Francis Lightfoot Lee, Carter Braxton
North Carolina: William Hooper, Joseph Hewes, John Penn
South Carolina: Edward Rutledge, Thomas Heyward, Jr., Thomas Lynch, Jr.,
    Arthur Middleton
Georgia: Button Gwinnett, Lyman Hall, George Walton



--
Gerry Roston (gerry@cmu.edu)    | I cannot conceive of a God who rewards and
Field Robotics Center,          | punishes his creatures, or has a will of
Carnegie Mellon University      | the type of which we are conscious in
Pittsburgh, PA, 15213           | ourselves.  An individual who should
(412) 268-3856                  | survive his physical death is also beyond
                                | my comprehension,...; such notions are for
The opinions expressed are mine | the fears or absurd egoism of feeble souls.
and do not reflect the official | Albert Einstein
position of CMU, FRC, RedZone,  | 
or any other organization.      | 
