Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.conspiracy:21832 talk.politics.guns:54403 talk.politics.misc:178739
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!pacific.mps.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!noc.near.net!transfer.stratus.com!sw.stratus.com!cdt
From: cdt@sw.stratus.com (C. D. Tavares)
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy,talk.politics.guns,talk.politics.misc
Subject: Re: JFFO has gone a bit too far (Bogosity Alert!)
Date: 20 Apr 1993 19:48:50 GMT
Organization: Stratus Computer, Inc.
Lines: 59
Distribution: usa
Message-ID: <1r1k32$4t@transfer.stratus.com>
References: <mrsC5sE7F.1E6@netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: rocket.sw.stratus.com

In article <mrsC5sE7F.1E6@netcom.com>, mrs@netcom.com (Morgan Schweers) writes:

>     Look, let's try to beat gun control with reason and sense, not by
> trying to appeal to emotions, and threatening conspiracies.  Denounce
> GCA '68 as wrong because it's WRONG, not because it's based off of a
> law from someone else's government.

There's something to be said for beating gun control with reason and 
sense: it's intellectually and morally honest.

There's also something to be said for using appeal to emotions --
that's the ONLY way the gun control organizations have managed to 
make more progress on the issue in the past 30 years than gun 
rights activists ever have.

>     WE, THE PEOPLE, must state that we find the law unappealing and
> contrary to our freedom.  We must use logic, and reason, and compelling
> arguments.  To use emotion, and appeal to fear is to lower yourselves
> to the level of your enemies.

Yes, and it's a damned shame.

"Members of advocacy groups on both sides of the great American gun
 debate share some rhetorical difficulties in common.  Each side is
 committed to overstating the problem it addresses.  For the procontrol
 forces, that problem is the contribution of guns to violence and
 crime, while for the anticontrol forces, that problem is the
 procontrol forces...  Each set of advocacy group serves as the demon
 by which the other side can rally the troops, raising morale and
 money.  The public is not enlightened by this war of words because
 neither set of advocates has any stake in merely presenting the plain,
 unvarnished truth, even to the extent that flawed and biased human
 minds can understand it.  Quite the contrary -- to tell the truth and
 nothing but the truth would place one side at a distinct disadvantage
 if the other side did not also lay down their propaganda weapons."
 (Kleck, POINT BLANK: GUNS AND VIOLENCE IN AMERICA.)

>     A side issue...  When talking about the Amendments, it bothers
> me to see people acting as if they empower them, but require no
> responsibility from them.  Free speech also assumes restraint, well
> armed militia expects well TRAINED militia..

(It's "well regulated" militia, but I'll let that pass...)

Constitutionally, it is the responsibility of the STATES to train the
militia.  Unfortunately, the states relinquished their own, independent 
militia units to the National Guard -- which can be "federalized" into 
Army service by the President at any time -- in their hunger for federal
funds.  And it was the STATES -- not the gun owners -- who passed laws 
against "private citizens engaging in martial drill."

So, many gun owners train to the remaining lawful limit, which training
is almost exclusively administered by the NRA -- not the states, not
the feds.  So don't lecture us on responsibility.
-- 

cdt@rocket.sw.stratus.com   --If you believe that I speak for my company,
OR cdt@vos.stratus.com        write today for my special Investors' Packet...

