Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.religion.misc:83768 talk.politics.misc:178821 sci.skeptic:43483
Newsgroups: talk.religion.misc,talk.politics.misc,sci.skeptic
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!rochester!udel!gatech!emory!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!moe.ksu.ksu.edu!osuunx.ucc.okstate.edu!constellation!a.cs.okstate.edu!kennejs
From: kennejs@a.cs.okstate.edu (KENNEDY JAMES SCOT)
Subject: Re: Who's next?  Mormons and Jews?
References: <1993Apr20.210651.5687@gn.ecn.purdue.edu>
Message-ID: <1993Apr22.031648.2886@a.cs.okstate.edu>
Organization: Oklahoma State University
Date: Thu, 22 Apr 93 03:16:48 GMT
Lines: 72

From article <1993Apr20.210651.5687@gn.ecn.purdue.edu>, by mechalas@gn.ecn.purdue.edu (John P. Mechalas):
>>Although I'm an atheist, the events in Waco have really sickened me.  It's
>>truely a sad day for religious freedom in this country.  The Branch
>>Dividians may have been nutty (my general opinion of all religious people),
>>but tax evasion and illegal possesion of firearms are certainly not grounds
>>for destroying a people.
> 
> Excuse me?  WHO destroyed the BD's?  Last I knew, they burned themselves...
> Prove to me that the FBI, ATF, or the Government in general either burned
> the compound themselves, or that the BD's had no choice but to commit
> mass suicide rather than coming out peacefully (a promise that was made
> twice by Koresh himself, which he broke both times).

At this point in time we don't who destroyed the BDs.  Maybe it was the
government; maybe it was Koresh.  I wouldn't immediately rule out the
government just because the FBI said that a couple of cult members
torched Koresh's wood-frame house.  I think that the credibility of the
FBI and the cigarette cops is questionable at best; at worst they are
bald-faced liers.  I read in a newspaper today that one of the BDs that
survived the fire said that one of the tanks that crashed through their
wood-frame house knocked over a lantern which later on caused the
compound to errupt in flames.  Also, I have heard that one of the cult
members who earlier said that he and another individual started the fire
is no longer claiming that he did it.  Moreover, he and possibly the
other person may not have even really said that they did it in the
first place---we only have the FBI's WORD ON THIS.  I'll believe it when
I hear from a cult member's own mouth and not before then.

The FBI claims that they saw two cult members starting the fire.  They
claimed that the two were clad in black clothing and were wearing gas
masks.  Hmmm...  Sounds like they might have been describing an ATF
agent to me.  Weren't the cigarette cops wearing black?  Note:  this
is just speculation on my part.  Still, it is something to think about.
Here's something else to ponder upon:  the two agents that were planted
in the compound might have done something to start that fire.  I don't
know if they did it deliberately or not---if they did at all---but I
would like to see statements from these two agents on the events that
transpired during that day.  I think that they would be rather
enlightening don't you think?  They were inside the compound so they
ought to have a real good idea of what went on in there.  Of course if
they did help burn down the house then I doubt that they would be
very forthcoming with any information.

The FBI also mentioned that fire errupted in multiple locations in the
compound.  They *may* have said this so that people might be more
likely to be convinced that the BDs started the fire.  However,
consider that if the FBI did light-up that house would they admit to
it?  I think not.  Imagine the public outrage that would ensue if
people discovered that the FBI killed 86 people.  Obviously, the FBI
would do its best to suppress the truth and make people think the BDs
started the fire.  Fire can spread in unusual ways in a wood house---
fires burning in more than one location in a house isn't inconsistent
with a house fire.  The tear gas cannisters---which do produce heat
despite what you may have been told by the media---may have contributed
to starting the blaze.  Also, it was very windy on the day of the
fire.  Flames and burning debri might have floated over to parts of
the house that weren't already on fire.  Like I said the verdict isn't
in yet.  The FBI may very well be guilty of a holocaust.

> -- 
> John Mechalas                                          "I'm not an actor, but
> mechalas@gn.ecn.purdue.edu                                 I play one on TV."
> Aero Engineering, Purdue University                     #include disclaimer.h


Scott Kennedy,  Brewer and Patriot

Before:  "David Koresh is a cheap thug who interprets
          the Bible through the barrel of a gun..."  --ATF spokesman
After:   "[The ATF] is a cheap thug who interprets
          [the Constitution] through the barrel of a gun..."  --Me

