Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.religion.misc:84003 alt.conspiracy:21934 talk.politics.misc:179104
Newsgroups: talk.religion.misc,alt.conspiracy,talk.politics.misc
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!doc.ic.ac.uk!uknet!mcsun!dxcern!dscomsa!dscomsa.desy.de!hallam
From: hallam@dscomsa.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker)
Subject: Re: Koresh Doctrine -- 4 of 4
Message-ID: <C5yy8I.EBn@dscomsa.desy.de>
Lines: 56
Sender: hallam@vxdesy.desy.de (Phill Hallam-Baker)
Reply-To: hallam@zeus02.desy.de
Organization: DESYDeutsches Elektronen Synchrotron, Experiment ZEUS bei HERA
References: <23APR199307181084@utarlg.uta.edu> <1993Apr23.171256.5541@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu>
Date: Sat, 24 Apr 1993 03:40:57 GMT


In article <1993Apr23.171256.5541@mnemosyne.cs.du.edu>, clavazzi@nyx.cs.du.edu(The_Doge) writes:

|>
|>	Deleted: vast quantities of carefully-annoted spew from "David Koresh"
|>	I don't know about the rest of you, but I think Mr. Tice needs a hobby.

He has one. He spent last summer telling everyone who doubted the word
of the great Perot that they were bigotted perot-bashers, right up to the
moment he chickened out on them. He then kept quiet for a bit and then
came back when Perot re-entered.


I am avidly collecting Koresh rumours, the nuttier the better. So far I
have three posts in my mailbox claiming that the Warrant for the search
	1) Never existed.
	2) Did not authorize "no knock", helicopters etc.
	3) Was completely irrelevant because the laws wer unconstitutional.

I am avidly trying to locate a copy of the "Book of Koresh" that a number
have claimed exist.

Then there is the rumour that Loresh in fact survived the fire in a secret
hideyhole and rose again on the third day only to be spirited away by
FBI agents and disposed of in order to prevent a cult following.

The source of the fire is variously attributed to a deliberate act on the
part of the FBI, an accident or an act of God.

In the same way I really like the "miracle amunition belt" story. The
idea being that in a just cause God will supply amunition "fear not
for the Lord himself shall place the arrows in your bow". Neat eh? The
BATF agents were thus definitively shot by the will of God himself. I
can't see why they needed the million rounds of ammo though in that
case.


If you have some Koresh material that hasn't gone to the net then please
send it to me. In particular I really do want to see the book of Koresh,
but no making one up please. I want the real Mcoy, the one the Feds
discoverd on the third day in a box with seven seals and are suppressing.


I will editorialize for the benefit of the net to produce a "definitive"
history. 


I would prefer though to have genuine rather than made to measure Koreshia.
There are plenty of genuinly unhinged loons so as to not need to start
making it up. Of course if you are an unhinged loon then I want to hear
from you.


Phill Hallam-Baker

PS Libel suits not welcome.
