Newsgroups: sci.med
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!darwin.sura.net!haven.umd.edu!uunet!noc.near.net!saturn.caps.maine.edu!dartvax!Simon.N.McRae
From: Simon.N.McRae@dartmouth.edu (Simon N McRae)
Subject: re: hepatitis-b
Message-ID: <C5Ls4w.Czp@dartvax.dartmouth.edu>
X-Posted-From: InterNews1.0b10@newshost.dartmouth.edu
Sender: news@dartvax.dartmouth.edu (The News Manager)
Organization: Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH
References:  <1993Apr14.4274.32512@dosgate>
Date: Sat, 17 Apr 1993 01:00:30 GMT
Lines: 38

In article <1993Apr14.4274.32512@dosgate>
russell.sinclair-day@canrem.com (russell sinclair-day) writes:

> What we are really worried about is not knowing the facts. The doctor 
> has stated that things will not be good if she is a carrier and avoids 
> further questions on the subject. We really would like to know so we 
> can take steps and plan in advance for any eventualities.
> 
> Thank-you for your very informative post. Right now I am just trying 
> to find out everything that I can.
> 
>                         Russ.

Unfortunately, Hep B infection can eventuate in chronic hepatitis and
subsequent cirrhosis.  Although not many patients with Hep B go on to
chronic hepatitis, it does still occur in a good number (20%?) and is
something to keep in mind.  Hepatitis C (was: non-A, non-B Hep) much
more frequently leads to chronic hep and cirrhosis.  There is also an
autimmune chronic hepatitis that affects mostly younger women which
also leads to cirrhosis.  

Of course, cirrhosis is a most unkind disease.  The most dangerous
effects relate to portal hypertension and loss of liver function. 
Patients develop life-threatening variceal bleeds and hepatic comas,
among many other problems, as a result of disturbances in hepatic
circulation.  Less ominously, they can exhibit the effects of
hyperestrogenemia which often characterize patients with cirrhosis. 
These effects include telangiactasias (small red skin lesions) and, in
men, gynecomastia (breast development).  The only real treatment for
cirrhosis is liver transplant.

Keep in mind that cirrhosis is not expected, at least statistically, in
your friend's case.  Nevertheless you might want to bring up the
subject of chronic disease and cirrhosis with the doctor.  Hopefully he
or she can then carefully explain these sequelae of Hep B infection to
you, and offer you support.

Simon.  
