Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu comp.sys.mac.games:25336 comp.sys.mac.system:30307 comp.sys.mac.hardware:51773
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!das-news.harvard.edu!noc.near.net!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!dog.ee.lbl.gov!network.ucsd.edu!sdchemw2!dpb
From: dpb@sdchemw2.ucsd.edu (Doug P. Book)
Newsgroups: comp.sys.mac.games,comp.sys.mac.system,comp.sys.mac.hardware
Subject: Stereo sound problem (?) on mac games
Date: 18 Apr 1993 20:56:52 GMT
Organization: UC San Diego Chemistry
Lines: 62
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <1qsfak$skc@network.ucsd.edu>
Reply-To: dpb@sdchemw2.ucsd.edu (Doug P. Book)
NNTP-Posting-Host: sdchemw2.ucsd.edu
Keywords: sound stereo, Quadra, 900, PowerBook, 170


Hi.  I think I have a problem with the stereo sound output on my Quadra
900, but I am not totally sure because my roomate has the same problem
on his PowerBook 170.  Any info or experience anyopne has would be
greatly appreciated.

When I hook my Quadra up to my home stereo system, the following types
of sounds (mono, as far as I can tell) all play fine through BOTH
speakers:

system beeps  (already provided ones such as Indigo and ones I record)

Armor Alley
Spectre
Spaceward Ho!


But, the following games only play out of the left channel:

Lemmings
Out of This World  (awesome game, BTW)
Glider 4.0
OIDS


But still, STEREO system beeps do play in stereo, through BOTH speakers.
(The one I'm specifically referrring to is Apocolyptic Beginning, which
my roommate downloaded from some ftp site (sumex?))


All of the symptoms are the same on my rommates 170 (he can't run
OOTW because he doesn't have color).

We're both running system 7.1



Does anyone with Lemmings or the other three games I mentioned above get
sound out of both speakers on a Mac II class, Quadra, LC, PowerBook 140 or
greater, Centris, SE/30, etc... (stereo) machine?

I used to have a Mac II, and I sort of rememeber Lemmings playing in
stereo on that machine, not just on the left channel.  (I could be
mistaken, though.  If there were a problem with the Quad 900's and PB
170's, I am wondering why the system beeps still play in stereo?  If there
isn't a problem with our machines, I wonder why the 4 games above are
apparantly written to support only one channel of stereo when they
could just use mono sounds so the mono sound would at least come out of
both speakers  (like Spectre, etc. do)?

Quadra 900's and PowerBook 170's have the same ROMS (to my knowledge),
so maybe this is a ROM problem?  (if so, though, why wouldn't System 7.1
patch over this problem?)




Thanks for any help you can provide!


Doug Book
dpb@sdchemw2.ucsd.edu
