Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu comp.graphics:39000 comp.misc:20471 comp.periphs:6602 comp.sys.laptops:10244
Newsgroups: comp.graphics,comp.misc,comp.periphs,comp.sys.laptops
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!pacific.mps.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!cs.utexas.edu!swrinde!network.ucsd.edu!news.cerf.net!pagesat!ukma!nx03.mik.uky.edu!mike
From: mike@nx03.mik.uky.edu (Mike Mattone)
Subject: LCD VGA display
Message-ID: <mike.736186342@mik.uky.edu>
Sender: news@ms.uky.edu (USENET News System)
Nntp-Posting-Host: nx03.mik.uky.edu
Organization: University Of Kentucky, Dept. of Math Sciences
Date: Fri, 30 Apr 1993 16:12:22 GMT
Lines: 43

Please help.

I have an IBM-compatible notebook computer with an LCD VGA screen.  While I
was working with it this morning, the screen started to flicker a little,
which I thought was odd since I do use a surge-protector for my computer and
all peripherals.  It only did this for a second and then stopped.

I left the room for several minutes and, when I returned, the screen was
completely dim, not blank, but very very dim.  The contrast slider still
worked so that I could adjust it to where I could *faintly* make out what
was on the screen but the brightness slider had absolutely *no* effect.

I was plugged-in at the time (i.e., not using the battery) but I still
tried switching the battery, changing the power-saver features, etc., etc.,
all to no avail.

Has anyone else experienced anything like this?  If this just means that I
need to replace the screen then I guess I'll have to but I thought that the
"death" of my LCD screen would be a little less dramatic when it eventually
happened.  I didn't want to take it in to be repaired before I asked on the
net about this because I already know what they'll say: "Yep, you gotta have
this replaced and it's gonna cost you $???."

I've only had the computer for about 21 months.  Is that a reasonable life
cycle for a LCD display?  Oh, I guess I ought to give specifics here: the
brand is Compudyne (Is this a reputable company?), it's a 386SX @ 20 MHz.
I forget the model number exactly and I was too ticked off to write it down
before coming in to work today.

If anyone can help me, PLEASE give me any advice you might have.  I'm not
opposed to having it replaced, but I'd rather not if it's not absolutely
necessary.  If you wouldn't mind, please e-mail me at mike@mik.uky.edu
but if you'd rather post I'll be checking back here in a couple of days.

BTW, if the answer to this question is already in a FAQ somewhere, feel
free to flame away but I would ask that you also include the location and
name of the FAQ if you don't mind.

Thanks in advance for any help...

-Mike Mattone
(mike@mik.uky.edu) 

