Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu comp.ai:17003 comp.arch:41468 comp.compression:7617 comp.databases:25105 comp.graphics:39490 comp.misc:20596 comp.multimedia:7059 comp.robotics:5584 comp.software-eng:14325 comp.specification:1256 comp.theory:7305
Newsgroups: comp.ai,comp.arch,comp.compression,comp.databases,comp.graphics,comp.misc,comp.multimedia,comp.robotics,comp.software-eng,comp.specification,comp.theory
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!pacific.mps.ohio-state.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!cs.utexas.edu!utnut!torn!watserv2.uwaterloo.ca!watdragon.uwaterloo.ca!abrodnik
From: Matjaz.Gams@IJS.si
Subject: ``Call for Papers for INFORMATIKA'' Vol. 17 No. 2
Message-ID: <C6vz83.FMn@watdragon.uwaterloo.ca>
Originator: abrodnik@watdragon.uwaterloo.ca
Sender: news@watdragon.uwaterloo.ca (USENET News System)
Organization: Jozef Stefan Institute, Ljubljana, Slovenia
Date: Tue, 11 May 1993 23:43:15 GMT
Lines: 69

This is an invitation to send articles to the Informatica magazine.
The first fully international issue has been published and echoes 
are quite favourable. For any information, contact (matjaz.gams@ijs.si). 

Dear Colleague,                                        April 25, 1993

Number 1 of volume 17 of Informatica is now out of print and some of you 
will receive it in a week or so. As you will see, the journal is structured
in the following way: the editorial (first page); profiles (second page
-- biography of an editor, in this issue, Terry Winograd); the edited
part of papers (pp. 3-80); mission and research reports (A plan for
knowledge archives project in Japan and CSLI in Stanford, pp. 81-100);
and news and announcements (pp. 101-108). This structure is mentioned to
give you a suggestion how could you help to make the contents of the
journal significant, diverse, and interesting, bringing your own views
into the discourse.
   A great emphasis is given to the so-called editorial page. This page
expresses an opinion (belief) of the writing editor to some problems
within the scope of computing and informatics, extending into other
concerning disciplines, e.g. cybernetics, advanced AI, cognitive sciences,
mind, informationally concerned neural sciences, advanced technology 
(e.g. photonics), etc. I asked professor Terry Winograd to write this
page for Number 2. I certainly would appreciate very much to get
suggestions or possible offers from other editors, who like to express
their strong (directed) beliefs concerning a future development of the
area in question.
   On the second page of each Number an editor's profile is published.
The aim of the profile is twofold: to show his/her professional 
achievements, interests, scientific, and philosophical orientation on
one side; to narrate his/her life story in the environments in which
editors has lived and live on the other side. This kind of story should
be instructive, adequately factically faced, contributing to the 
understanding of circumstances in which editors have to act and live.
   The edited part (edited papers) is still critical. I would like to have
a stock of accepted papers in advance, so the issuing dates of a particular
number can be fixed (e.g. January, April, July, and October). In situation
right now, I ask you to help me with contributions of yours or your
colleagues, collaborators, students, etc. Some critical views to the
contemporary development of computing and informatics are appreciated.
A special emphasis should be given also to originality by which fresh
ideas are coming into the circulation of different professional communities.
   Reports of different occasions (symposia, conferences, meetings, etc.)
and particularly on new books, papers, and interesting events are welcome.
You can send these news immediately (also by your secretary) by e-mail.
On the other hand, you can send books and other publications (annual
reports, journals, calls for papers, etc.) for reviewing and publishing
in Informatica. We in the editorial staff will manage the rest.
   E-mail is functioning satisfactorily, so please use it in every respect.
You can submit editorial notes, profiles, reports, news and even complete
papers written in standard LaTex format (especially formulas). We received
several final (corrected) texts in Number 1 from different sites (US,
Russia, etc.). In this way, you can compose reports from already typed
texts, using your own choice and editing, and submit them to the contact
person (matjaz.gams@ijs.si), who is always being on your disposal. So,
you will receive a prompt confirmation and any information concerning
our common interest and job.

At the end, please do not forget: we need your cooperation and help in
every mentioned respect. The aim of Informatica is to open various
possibilities of communication concerning strong scientific and 
philosophical orientations as well as those coming up, still unrevealed,
and on the way to become significant. Please, do not apprehend to give
proposals, suggestions, and, certainly, contributions via the e-mail
and by other means.

Sincerely yours,

Anton P. "Zeleznikar
Editor-in-chief
