Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.atheism:53617 talk.religion.misc:83963 talk.origins:41022
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!usc!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!news.claremont.edu!ucivax!bvickers
From: bvickers@net1.ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers)
Subject: Re: Rawlins debunks creationism
Nntp-Posting-Host: net1.ics.uci.edu
Message-ID: <2BD867F2.3860@ics.uci.edu>
Newsgroups: alt.atheism,talk.religion.misc,talk.origins
Reply-To: bvickers@ics.uci.edu (Brett J. Vickers)
Organization: University of California, Irvine
Lines: 30
Date: 23 Apr 93 22:04:35 GMT
References: <30147@ursa.bear.com> <C5wo5C.EBv@sunfish.usd.edu> <30187@ursa.bear.com>

halat@pooh.bears (Jim Halat) writes:
>What is the fact of evolution?  There is a difference between calling
>evolution a fact and talking about the theory of evolution providing
>facts (I happen to think the latter is more accurate ).

I hate doing this, because it's been done so many times before, but...

Evolution, in the nonscientific sense, is change.  Although it is
often used in a colloquial manner to refer to phenomena that tend
toward higher complexity and ability, evolution simply implies change,
for good or for bad.  In the scientific sense, evolution is merely the
change in allele frequencies for a given population over a period of
time.  This is usually what people refer to when they discuss the
scientific fact of evolution.  We observe such shifts in allele
frequencies occurring all the time, so it is trivial to conclude that
evolution is a scientific fact.

The mechanisms that enable such changes in allele frequencies are
collectively known as the theory of evolution.  Darwin's natural
selection is one such theory.  Genetic drift is another.  Gene flow is
still another.

Evolution is a fact and a theory.  (I posted Larry Moran's lengthy
article on this topic a couple days ago.  Why don't you go back and
read it?)

--
Brett J. Vickers		 "Don't go around saying the world owes you
bvickers@ics.uci.edu		 a living.  The world owes you nothing.
				 It was here first."  - Mark Twain
