Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!cs.utexas.edu!uunet!enterpoop.mit.edu!INTERNET!news-mail-gateway
From: VANDAMME@NMR.RUG.AC.BE
Newsgroups: comp.windows.x
Subject: Q: Freq. used compiler options with X clients.
Date: 19 Apr 1993 15:25:39 -0400
Organization: The Internet
Lines: 45
Sender: news@athena.mit.edu
Message-ID: <01GX7B7OE9ZK0014GS@BGERUG51.BITNET>
NNTP-Posting-Host: enterpoop.mit.edu
To: xpert@expo.lcs.mit.edu

Dear Xperts,

I've trawled through the cc and ld man pages for an explanation on apparentlly
frequently used compiler options with X programs (Ultrix V4.3/DEC 5000). However
   ,
the criptic information I found largely overestimates my brain potential and up
till now I haven't got the slightest idea what the following options are standin
   g
for and when to use them (I gathered them from different X programs):

        1) -Wc,-Nd4000 -Wc,-Ns4000 -Wc,-Nt50000  -Wf,-XNg1000

        2) -Nf,-XNh2000 -Olimit 2000

        3) Also, has anybody the foggiest idea what the following link error mea
   ns
           and what corrective action should be taken? I know of bss as the area
    in
           UNIX for uninitialized data, but I'm completely unaware of the gp are
   a.

"colormapInds: a large common placed in gp area because of a small undefined
 reference (possible gp relocation errors may result)
 pixelMap: a large common placed in gp area because of a small undefined
 reference (possible gp relocation errors may result)
 ld:
 gp relocation out-of-range errors have occured and bad object file produced
 (corrective action must be taken)
 gp relocation out-of-range for small data or bss by,
        221181 in the positive direction,
        0 in the negative direction.
 Best -G num value to compile all -count'ed objects creating nmr with is 13
 Best -G num value calculation reliable only if all -count'ed objects were
 compiled with -G num greater or equal to maximum size of a literal pool
 item (8).
 *** Error code 1"

        4) Finally, is the options syntax consistent across different vendor's
compilers. If not, does imake offers a standard machine independent approach to
it?

I do realize that an explanation will involve some compiler and OS knowledge but
I pretty know some basics and help of any nature will be greatly appreciated.
---
Phil
