Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu news.announce.newgroups:3229 news.groups:69986 comp.windows.misc:4699 comp.graphics:38506 comp.windows.x:67060 comp.sys.sgi.misc:1904 comp.sys.mac.misc:43408 comp.sys.sun.misc:8236 comp.sys.dec:15755 comp.sys.ibm.pc.misc:34251
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!rochester!udel!bogus.sura.net!howland.reston.ans.net!noc.near.net!uunet!bounce-back
From: suit@server.cs.virginia.edu
Newsgroups: news.announce.newgroups,news.groups,comp.windows.misc,comp.graphics,comp.windows.x,comp.sys.sgi.misc,comp.sys.mac.misc,comp.sys.sun.misc,comp.sys.dec,comp.sys.ibm.pc.misc
Subject: CFV: comp.windows.suit
Followup-To: poster
Date: 20 Apr 1993 09:54:05 -0400
Organization: University of Virginia Computer Science Department
Lines: 83
Sender: tale@rodan.UU.NET
Approved: tale@uunet.uu.net
Message-ID: <1r0v9tINNfkd@rodan.UU.NET>
Reply-To: suit-admin@uvacs.cs.virginia.edu
NNTP-Posting-Host: rodan.uu.net

CALL FOR VOTES: creation of comp.windows.suit

A Request For Discussion was posted on 26 Mar 1993, and both charter
and group name have been accepted.

Charter
=======

What is SUIT?
-------------

SUIT provides a standard library of screen components (buttons, menus,
sliders, etc.), and allows interactive layout and specification of user
interfaces.  The user interface to a SUIT program is editable even while
the application runs.  Programs using SUIT are written in ANSI-C.  SUIT
runs on UNIX/X, Color Macintosh, DOS, and Windows ; a single application
source file may be recompiled to run on all platforms.

SUIT was designed to be easy to learn - we view it as "the Pascal of UI
toolkits."  Learning from a 10-page written tutorial, our undergraduates
have been able to use SUIT productively after 2 hours.  This is possible
because we rely more heavily on interactive tools than previous toolkits,
and because the entire system as been designed to be easy to learn.

SUIT's biggest advantages are:
	- it runs across a very wide variety of hardware platforms
	- it has a documented 2 hour learning curve for beginners
	- it's very lightweight; relatively small amount of code

SUIT has now been distributed to thousands of sites, and has reached
all continents but Antarctica. It has also been used in graduate
courses at some universities, including Stanford.

The suit-users mailing list now has nearly 100 participants and has
message traffic of 10-15 per day. Some users have unsubcribed already,
citing the volume of mail as the main reason. We feel that this
justifies a newsgroup.

Details of the newsgroup
------------------------

comp.windows.suit will be an unmoderated forum that will handle all
aspects of SUIT, including:

	- questions about SUIT
	- bug reports
	- distribution of contributory code
	- announcement of new releases

Voting
------

Voting will begin when this CFV is posted, and will end on May 14, 1993
at 23:59 EST. In order for the group to be created, there must be a 2/3
majority of yes votes to no votes, and there must be 100 more yes votes
than no votes.

To vote yes, please send mail to:
	suit-yes@uvacs.cs.virginia.edu

To vote no, please send mail to:
	suit-no@uvacs.cs.virginia.edu

All votes will receive an acknowledgement. If there is a problem,
please DO NOT send mail to either of these addresses; send them to
the one below.

The subject field must be unambiguous; for example, "I vote for/against
comp.windows.suit" Conditional votes, which may receive an acknowledgement
initially, will be rejected. No anonymous votes will be accepted.
If you wish to change your vote, mail a new vote; only the most recent
vote by a user will be counted.

If you have problems, questions, or comments, please mail them to:
	suit-admin@uvacs.cs.virginia.edu
where we will attempt to respond as quickly as possible.

Over this period, two additional CFVs will be posted, along with
an acknowledgement of valid votes.

Thanks,

The SUIT Newsgroup Team
