Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!bogus.sura.net!udel!news.intercon.com!psinntp!newsserver.pixel.kodak.com!kodak!eastman!b56vxg.kodak.com!ekdug
From: jhcox@kodak.com (James Cox)
Newsgroups: comp.windows.x
Subject: Xterm Problem With Input Focus / "Shuffle Up"
Keywords: Xterm, Tektronics, Input Focus, Shuffle up
Message-ID: <20APR199319424527@b56vxg.kodak.com>
Date: 21 Apr 93 00:42:00 GMT
Sender: usenet@eastman.UUCP
Organization: Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester NY
Lines: 41
Nntp-Posting-Host: b56vxg
News-Software: VAX/VMS VNEWS 1.41


The situation: running a Fortran executable that creats an Xterm.  An option
in the menu contained in the Xterm runs a Fortran subroutine that creats
a Tektronics-mode Xterm for displaying some graphics.  Typing a <RET> while
the Tektronics-mode Xterm (future reference to this will be "Tek-term") is
active makes the Xterm read future keystrokes but does not shift input focus
to the Xterm (I'm basing that statement on the fact that the border of the 
Tek-term stays the highlighted color and that the Tek-term stays on top of
Xterm.  If what I'm describing isn't input focus, let me know.)  

The xterm can be brought to the top by clicking the mouse button on it.

Subsequent selections from the Xterm of the menu item that displays graphics 
highlihts the border and displays the updated graphics, but does not move 
the Tek-term to the top.  If the Tek-term has been iconized to conserve 
screen space, it stays an icon.


The desired behavior: one of two options - 

    1. Whichever of the windows that is active is always on top of the 
       inactive one.

    2. Whenever the Tek-term is inactivated, it should revert to a icon
       but when it is activated it should become a window on a higher 
       level than the Xterm.

What I think I need: a means of specifying that a Xterm or Tek-term will
be at the highest level and a way to iconify/expand a Xterm and Tek-term.
These commands, would, I'd guess, need to be in the Fortran or in the 
command that starts up the Xterm and Tek-term.

Other information: All this is taking place on a VT-1300 (a DEC dumb 
X-windows terminal) connected to a VAX running VMS and Motif.

Thanks for your time.  If you've got any words of wisdom (other than 
"give up" ;-), please send email to 

jhcox@Kodak.com


