Newsgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.misc
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!gatech!mailer.cc.fsu.edu!baeyer.chem.fsu.edu!bishop
From: bishop@baeyer.chem.fsu.edu (Greg Bishop)
Subject: Re: Borland's Paradox Offer
Sender: usenet@mailer.cc.fsu.edu
Organization: Physics Department, FSU
Date: Mon, 19 Apr 1993 21:50:05 GMT
News-Software: VAX/VMS VNEWS         
Message-ID: <C5r0zE.Hqz@mailer.cc.fsu.edu>
Reply-To: bishop@baeyer.chem.fsu.edu
Lines: 31


>I am considering buying Borland's Paradox for Windows since I
>would like to use a database with Windows (I don't have/use
>one yet) for both work/home use.  I would like to advantage
>of Borland's "$129.95 until April 30" offer if this package
>is everything that Borland claims it to be.  So, I was
>wondering ... has anybody used this and/or have any opinions?
>
>-- Tom Belmonte

If you are interested in a program which is very easy to use, I strongly 
suggest Approach 2.0.  It is extremely easy to use, make reports, etc.  I
own both it and Paradox, and I almost never use Paradox.  If you need to 
build up a complicated application, then Paradox is the way to go.  I have
heard horror stories about the Access programming being extremely cryptic.
Since you seem like you will probably be doing fairly small stuff (work/
home use and you have not used a database before), I recommend Approach.  I 
have found only one small thing which I would like it to do more easily:
I have one database where the order in which the records are entered must 
be different than what is the logical ordering.  To permanently reorder (to 
use the old DBASE III command) the records requires sorting the records 
appropriately (no problem, since I almost always use them in this order)
exporting the database to another database (which can still be an Approach 
database), and then copying the exported files back to the original 
filename.  This is a small weakness, considering the other items I really 
like about Approach.  It is also a little slower than Paradox (other than 
the loading, Paradox takes forever and a minute to load).  Paradox also 
takes a lot of memory (both hard disk (around 12MB) and RAM).

Greg Bishop. (bishop@baeyer.chem.fsu.edu)

