Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.politics.usa.constitution:2015 talk.politics.guns:54298
Newsgroups: alt.politics.usa.constitution,talk.politics.guns
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!linac!att!cbnewsc!rats
From: rats@cbnewsc.cb.att.com (Morris the Cat)
Subject: Re: Rewording the Second Amendment (ideas)
Organization: AT&T
Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 14:13:12 GMT
Message-ID: <C5sCu3.8xG@cbnewsc.cb.att.com>
Followup-To: alt.politics.usa.constitution,talk.politics.guns
Lines: 29


|You believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of
|mass destruction?  I find it hard to believe that you would support a 
|neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve
|gas on his/her property.  

There is no law prohibiting having biological weapons or nerve gas
on his/her property, or even walking on government property with such
items: ipso facto it is now one's _RIGHT_ to have such weapons of
"mass destruction."

Hell, the U.S. patent office has patents on the manufacture of nerve
gas that anyone can obtain simply by sending a $1.50 to the Patent
Office in Washington, D.C. (P.O. Box 8). These same patents are
verboten to English citizens from their own patent office, which doesn't
surprise me based on the mistrust of the UK government against private
ownership of semi-automatic rifles.

|If we cannot even agree on keeping weapons of mass destruction out of
|the hands of individuals, can there be any hope for us?

So, you are saying we should have legislation prohibiting owning 
biological warfare agents or nerve agents? Will you pass laws against
owning chlorine gas or cyanide as well? Will you pass laws against
owning acetylene gas that could have been used against the Bradley
IFVs had the Branch Dividians known of their anti-combustion engine
effects? Will you pass laws against owning 5-gallon cylinders of
propane because they could have been used as flame throwers? Yes, the 
proverbial "Road to Hell;" it's always for "Our Own Good."
