Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu alt.conspiracy:21810 talk.politics.guns:54308 talk.politics.misc:178622
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy,talk.politics.guns,talk.politics.misc
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!pacific.mps.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!bogus.sura.net!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!umn.edu!csus.edu!netcom.com!mrs
From: mrs@netcom.com (Morgan Schweers)
Subject: Re: JFFO has gone a bit too far (Bogosity Alert!)
Message-ID: <mrsC5sE7F.1E6@netcom.com>
Organization: McAfee Associates
Distribution: usa
Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 14:42:50 GMT
Lines: 48

Greetings,
    Specious reasoning alert!  Sorry folks, I don't like gun control
too much, but this is just too crazy.

    1)  The main gun control law is similar to (or even BASED ON) a
German gun control law.

    2)  Germany was Controlled With Evil Nazi's at the time.

    3)  Nazi's are bad.

    Therefore gun control is bad!  (If this seems reasonable to you,
try reading it as GunControlIsANaziPlot!  That's pretty much what it's
saying.)

    Look, let's try to beat gun control with reason and sense, not by
trying to appeal to emotions, and threatening conspiracies.  Denounce
GCA '68 as wrong because it's WRONG, not because it's based off of a
law from someone else's government.

    As for the 'Lots Of Brave Men Died Fighting Nazi's, So Their Laws
Have No Place On Our Books!'  Well, lots of brave men died fighting
England.  Wanna bet we've got lots of English laws on our books?  Oh,
but they're our ALLIES now, so everything's hunky-dory.  I'm *VERY*
sure that the GCA is not the only law that we have on the books which
is similar, or even based on, a law on the german books.  HOWEVER,
that does not give invalidation in and of itself.

    WE, THE PEOPLE, must state that we find the law unappealing and
contrary to our freedom.  We must use logic, and reason, and compelling
arguments.  To use emotion, and appeal to fear is to lower yourselves
to the level of your enemies.

    A side issue...  When talking about the Amendments, it bothers
me to see people acting as if they empower them, but require no
responsibility from them.  Free speech also assumes restraint, well
armed militia expects well TRAINED militia, the right to vote expects
the citizen to try to become educated enough to make a reasonable
decision.  You are not granted these rights without any responsibility
to the society that offers them.  You have a responsibility in return,
and it's to do more than bitch.

                                                     --  Morgan Schweers
-- 
Hacker, Furry, SFFan, gamer, writer, MUDder, climber.  24 hours isn't enough!
mrs@netcom.com   | Finger mrs@netcom.com or mrs@mcafee.com for my PGP 2.1 key!|
New chrome grass! \ B1 S4 a b g j++! k l? p r- s t+ u v- w+ x y- z, approx.__/
Low-level D&D monsters practicing war games @ night.  Orc-Kestrel manoeuvers...
