Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!miller.cs.uwm.edu!syck5280
From: syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu (Steven B Syck)
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
Subject: WI and IL firearms law Questions
Date: 21 Apr 1993 03:19:22 GMT
Organization: University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee
Lines: 39
Message-ID: <1r2efqINN6ml@uwm.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 129.89.9.13



A couple of questions for you firearms law experts out there:  

Question #1

According to the NRA/ILA state firearms lawbook, in Wisconsin it is
'unlawful for any person except a peace officer to go armed* with a 
"concealed and dangerous weapon."  There is no statutory provision for
obtaining a lixense or permit to carry a concealed weapon.'

*  Jury instructions indicate that 'to go armed' one must have a firearm
on one's person or within his immediate control and available for use.



Does this mean that open carry is allowed?  If so, just how 'open' does it
have to be?  Would an in the pants holster be considered concealing?  What
if one had their jacket on and it partially covered the weapon?  Also,
is there any way to be allowed to carry concealed, or is it just not allowed,
period? 

Question #2

As I understand it, in Evanston, IL, they have a ordinance banning handguns.
Is there any way to get around this provision?  What would the penalty if
you were found out be?  What if you used said handgun in a defensive shooting
in your apartment there?  How would the city law apply to your impending 
trial for the shooting?
Also, what is IL state law concerning short barreled weapons?  Short barreled
shotgun is what I would be interested in if a handgun were not available, 
either that or a shortened 9mm carbine (ie Colt, Marlin).  
One more thing, what is the chance of getting a CCW permit in IL without being
rich or famous or related to the mayor?

Please send replies via E-Mail, as things seem to be piling up around t.p.g
a little faster than I can handle.  Thanks again 
-------   Steve Syck        syck5280@miller.cs.uwm.edu        --------

