Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!noc.near.net!das-news.harvard.edu!husc-news.harvard.edu!scws8.harvard.edu!kim39
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
Subject: Re: Cop kills teenager
Message-ID: <1993Apr21.030147.23136@husc3.harvard.edu>
From: kim39@scws8.harvard.edu (John Kim)
Date: 21 Apr 93 03:01:46 EDT
References: <1993Apr15.150736.15793@mksol.dseg.ti.com> <Apr15.202139.56589@yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU> <Apr15.203544.32227@yuma.ACNS.ColoState.EDU>
Organization: Harvard University Science Center
Keywords: handgun mace pepper-spray taser tasp phaser
Nntp-Posting-Host: scws8.harvard.edu
Lines: 43

.ACNS.ColoState.EDU> holland@CS.ColoState.EDU (douglas craig holland) writes:
>	SUSPENDED POLICE OFFICER ARRESTED IN REVENGE TRIPLE HOMICIDE
>
>PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- A police officer afraid he would be fired for
>allegedly assaulting a teen-ager walked into an auto body shop wher the youth
>worked, said "You're going to die" and fatally shot him and two others, police
>said.
>A fourth youth was wounded.  A fifth escaped injury by hiding under a car.
>Suspended police officer Robert Sabetta, 23, of Cranston, was arrested at
>gunpoint over three hours after the shooting at Wilson's Auto Enterprises in
>Foster, a rural town of about 4,000 people in northwest Rhode Island.
>						Doug Holland
>
	I think I have updated info on this.  My understandingis that
former officer Cranston approached a teenager who was being questioned
by another officer.   Officer Cranston struck Teenager A in the head
with a heavy police flashlight, causing a significant, though not
life-threatening.  THere is no evidence that Teenager A was
doing anything threatening at the time.  Teenager A was released
on bail/recognizance and filed a formal complaint against Officer
Cranston.  The Police Chief suspended Cranston pending an 
investigation into the use of excessive force.  
	The above is pretty clear... but what seems to have 
happened is this.  The Chief requested Cranston's gun, but Cranston
refused to turn it over until the Chief went the Cranston's home
 to get it.  Sources said Cranston had always wanted to be
a cop and was very afraid of loosing his job because of the complaint
against him.
	A few days afterward, Cranston allegedly walked into 
Wilson's Garage, where Teenager A and friends were known to
hang out and work on cars as a hobby.  Cranston fatally shot
Teenager A as well as TEenagers B and C.  Teenager D was shot once
in the shoulder/chest.  Teenager E was working under the car
and was not noticed by Officer Cranston.  Teenager D went to a home
and summoned police, who went to Wilson's Garage and found the 
3 corpses and one unscathed survivor.

	A few days after his arrest, Officer Cranston attemped
to commit suicide in his cell.
-Case Kim



