Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!saimiri.primate.wisc.edu!caen!nigel.msen.com!yale.edu!news.yale.edu!yar.trincoll.edu!mcec-149.dynamic.trincoll.edu!user
From:  ()
Subject: BD's did themselves--you're all paranoid freaks
Message-ID: <1993Apr22.175410.23214@starbase.trincoll.edu>
Followup-To: talk.politics.guns
Sender: usenet@starbase.trincoll.edu (SACM Usenet News)
Organization: Trinity College, Hartford, CT.
Date: Thu, 22 Apr 1993 17:54:10 GMT
Lines: 27

"Freed om of Religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small
arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "I'll come out
as soon as I finish my manuscript on the Seven Seals." Oh, OK, David.

I agree that Koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because
he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his
supporters helped inflate his ego.

That doesn't change the fact that he was a loose fucking cannon with a
shitload of serious weapons. Or that he was banging thirteen year olds and
twisting their impressionable little minds.

This was no MOVE fuck-up. A helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound
that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.
There were no CS CANISTERS... a specially modified Abrams was pupming the
stuff in. No chance of starting a fire there. Kerosene lamps? Maybe one,
but not three fires. No way. Koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. I
expected this to happen.

Maybe they WANTED it to look like murder. He had 50+ days. I think this was
coming the whole time. He didn't even put the children in the buried bus or
the underground bunker during the CS seige. He put them up into the tower
to die. Fuck all of you "Big Brother" paranoid freaks. The only good thing
to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to
attract some of the more rootless members of our society.

joe.kusmierczak@mail.trincoll.edu
