Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu comp.robotics:5408 sci.electronics:54142
Newsgroups: comp.robotics,sci.electronics
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!ames!saimiri.primate.wisc.edu!zazen!news
From: jvannes@vms.macc.wisc.edu
Subject: Re: Long distance IR detection
Message-ID: <1993Apr24.054304.4843@macc.wisc.edu>
Sender: news@macc.wisc.edu (USENET News System)
Organization:  University of Wisconsin Academic Computing Center
Distribution: na
Date: 24 APR 93 00:19:26    
Lines: 34

In article <CSTROCKB.93Apr23002520@csws8.cs.sunysb.edu>, cstrockb@cs.sunysb.edu (Caleb Strockbine) writes...

>Could make for some interesting choreography... light and sound could be 
>controlled directly by the position of a dancer on stage, or by the number
>of dancers on stage. Neat.
> 
>You could even build a spotlight that follows the dancer around on stage!
> 
>Can you tell us more about what you're doing? Sounds like a very cool program.

Tis' only a gleam in my eye at this point.  I have yet to chose a tracking 
method.  The initial requirement was to design a system to locate a dancer
in one of eight zones across the stage.  I did some experiments with 
pyroelectric detectors and found them difficult to align to get a definite
zone transition.  And dancers stand still alot, so their IR signature goes
away.  The good thing about pryoelectrics is that their signal is proportional 
to the size of the warm body (or body part), and the velocity of said body.
This could be useful for detecting the intensity of a dance gesture.

Dancers also really hate to wear little boxes and batteries strapped on their 
bodies, but they really need to be emitting some kind of signal to be tracked.

The current toy I have been working with is a program called Mandala for the
Amiga, used with a LIVE! video digitizer.  This works with a video camera 
trained on the stage.  You can set thresholds for a zone within the field of
view, and an object brighter than the threshold will trigger an event. Events
can be MIDI objects or sequences, Amiga sounds or graphic objects.  It's been
fun to play with, but the documentaion is arcane, and the digitizer is noisy.
Still, it's very appealing, the dancers don't have to wear any appliances,
you can have ots of zone,s, it speaks MIDI, which can be used to control lights,
and I don't have to build any electronics.  It's all done with lighting and
video brightness and contrast adjustments.  I have yet to do anything
particularly useful or artistic, but I have hopes...

