Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu comp.graphics:38310 comp.graphics.animation:2976
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!usc!acsc.com!cpuserver.acsc.com!robert
From: robert@cpuserver.acsc.com (Robert Grant)
Newsgroups: comp.graphics,comp.graphics.animation
Subject: Re: Virtual Reality for X on the CHEAP!
Date: 15 Apr 1993 20:20:25 GMT
Organization: USCACSC, Los Angeles
Lines: 32
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <1qkg29$dsl@acsc.com>
References: <1qhun7$6po@acsc.com> <1qi19q$6t2@acsc.com> <1993Apr15.134802.21995@mfltd.co.uk>
Reply-To: robert@cpuserver.acsc.com (Robert Grant)
NNTP-Posting-Host: cpuserver.acsc.com

Hi Steve,

As the author of Multiverse, I feel I had better respond to your
mailnote questioning whether anyone had managed to compile this
software - the quick answer is yes! The long answer is yes - but a
few have had a few problems with their platforms - not all unix's are
the same, you know! As far as "many bugs" go, it would probably be more
useful to everyone (including you) if you were a bit more explicit! :-)

Platforms it has succesfully compiled and run on are: RS6000, Dec Ultrix
Sun Solaris so it is possible.

The main problem is that I don't have access to other platforms than the
RS6000, so if there are portability problems then the only way I hear
about them is by people letting me know and giving me a clue as to
how to fix it.

As far as the software not doing anything, do you really think I would
bother releasing it, if that was the case? Perhaps you didn't read the
few docs that ARE supplied. The dogfight world is made up of clients
only, so if you're in there on your own, then you're not going to see
anything! The dactyl world has quite a lot of scenary - so if you don't
see anything there, then this is definitely a problem!

One final word - if you're not interested, don't bother with it.
If you are interested, then please remember that I'm not asking for
any money! So why not try a little patience and constructive criticism,
maybe that will get results??

Robert.
robert@acsc.com

