Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware:60797 sci.electronics:53908
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware,sci.electronics
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!rochester!udel!darwin.sura.net!haven.umd.edu!wam.umd.edu!mary
From: mary@wam.umd.edu (Mary Louise Cassidy)
Subject: Need help with busted Imtec 1455N monitor, need specs on it or monitors in gen.
Message-ID: <1993Apr21.205343.29968@wam.umd.edu>
Followup-To: poster
Keywords: broken
Sender: usenet@wam.umd.edu (USENET News system)
Nntp-Posting-Host: rac2.wam.umd.edu
Organization: Workstations at Maryland, University of Maryland, College Park
Date: Wed, 21 Apr 1993 20:53:43 GMT
Lines: 37


HELP!!  This morning I turned on my computer..to be greated with a popping
noise from the monitor.  I quickly looked thru the top right vent and to
my disbelief saw orange flame and smelled smoke!  Great...
I opened it up to see what I could see (it's 4 years old, no warrenty for me).
On one of the pc boards there was a resistor that had been majorly
fryed..burnt to a crisp..can't even tell what value it is.  This is the
only pjhysical damage I can find.  But to my knowledge, resistors don't
just randomly blow.  What could have happened??  A voltage regulator
problem..?  The fuses nearby are intact...great job.  I have 2 thoughts as
to why it did this.  One, over the winter I was ruinning a humidifier for
about 6 weeks, although it was halfway across the room.  Could moisture
done this?  I last used it over a month ago.  Second, as most people
do...I never use the power switches on the CPU or moinitor.  I have
everything plugged into a surge protector and I turn the whole shebang on
with it.  Now, is this bad???  Should I quit doing it?  Is my system
getting too much power or varrying power this way when activated?

Now...before I take it to a repaoir shop I want to replace the resistor to
see what happens.  But I have no idea what value it is.  Or even if that
would fix things..would it just blow again??  Right now, when I plug it in
and turn it on I don't even get the power LED..a power supply prolem??
Should I bother tracking down this resistor value or take it to a shop?? 
It is resistor R830.  It's near the metal shield that
shgields..something..near a large black electrolytic capacitor.  It's on
the right most pc board.  The monitor is an Imtec 1455N, from mid-1989.
Does someone have schematics for this?  Or would someone be willing to
take theirs apart and see what value R830 is???  Basically, what the hell
should I do to get this thing fixed for the cheapest amont in the least time.

I have crosposted this article.  Please respond via email with any help or
suggestions.  Also, does anyone have Imtecs phone or address??  My manual
lacks either from what I can see.  Please respons VIA EMAIL ONLY!!!
Needless to say, with no computer I don't have the leisure of scanning
groups while bothering my friend to use his computer/modem.
Help..this really bites and I need it working ASAP!!!

