Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!wupost!uunet!dziuxsolim.rutgers.edu!igor.rutgers.edu!athos.rutgers.edu!christian
From: vbv@r2d2.eeap.cwru.edu (Virgilio (Dean) B. Velasco Jr.)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: Re: The arrogance of Christians
Message-ID: <Apr.12.03.45.25.1993.18885@athos.rutgers.edu>
Date: 12 Apr 93 07:45:26 GMT
Sender: hedrick@athos.rutgers.edu
Organization: Case Western Reserve Univ. Cleveland, Ohio (USA)
Lines: 32
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

In article <Apr.10.05.32.15.1993.14385@athos.rutgers.edu> dleonar@andy.bgsu.edu (Pixie) writes:
>Pardon me, a humble atheist, but exactly what is the difference
>between holding a revealed truth with blind faith as its basis (i.e.
>regardless of any evidence that you may find to the contrary) as an
>absolute truth, fully expecting people to believe you and arrogance?
>
>     They sound like one and the same to me.
>
>     I see no wisdom whatsoever in your words

I'm not surprised that you see no wisdom in them.  That is because your
premises are wrong from the word "Go".  You claim that Christianity is
based on blind faith, but this simply is not so.  Just look at the
current thread on the evidence for Jesus' resurrection for evidence
that Jesus was real and that he triumphed over death.

Furthermore, you say that Christians hold to their beliefs "regardless of
any evidence that you may find to the contrary."  Without any evidence
to support your claim, this statement is little more than an ad hominem 
argument.

Mind you, I don't mean this as a personal attack.  I'm merely pointing out
the intellectual dishonesty behind condemning Christianity in this fashion.
It would make much more sense if you could prove that all Christians do 
base their belief on empty nothings, and that they do ignore all evidence to 
the contrary.  Only then can you expect your attack to make sense.
 
-- 
Virgilio "Dean" Velasco Jr, Department of Electrical Eng'g and Applied Physics 
	 CWRU graduate student, roboticist-in-training and Q wannabee
    "Bullwinkle, that man's intimidating a referee!"   |    My boss is a 
   "Not very well.  He doesn't look like one at all!"  |  Jewish carpenter.
