Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!cs.utexas.edu!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!geneva.rutgers.edu!christian
From: aaron@binah.cc.brandeis.edu (Scott Aaron)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: Re: Latest on Branch Davidians
Message-ID: <Apr.22.00.55.06.1993.2048@geneva.rutgers.edu>
Date: 22 Apr 93 04:55:08 GMT
Sender: hedrick@geneva.rutgers.edu
Reply-To: aaron@binah.cc.brandeis.edu
Organization: Brandeis University
Lines: 36
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

In article <Apr.20.03.02.42.1993.3815@geneva.rutgers.edu>,
conditt@tsd.arlut.utexas.edu (Paul Conditt) wrote:
>
>
> I think it's really sad that so many people put their faith in a mere
> man, even if he did claim to be the son of God, and/or a prophet.

I'll pose a question here that's got me thinking:  what distinguishes
"true" religion from cults (I'm speaking generally here, not specifially
about Christianity)?  Jerry Falwell was on Good Morning America on 
Tuesday ostensibly to answer this question.  Basically, he said that
true religion follows a message whereas a cult follows a person.
But, then, Christianity is a cult because the message of Christianity
IS the person of Jesus.  So what distinguishes, for example, the
Branch Davidian "cult" from the Presbyterian "church"?  Doctrinal
differences don't answer the question, IMHO, so don't use them as
an answer.

  -- Scott at Brandeis

	"But God demonstrates His     "The Lord bless you, and keep you;
	 own love for us, in that      the Lord make His face shine on you,
	 while we were yet sinners,    and be gracious to you;
	 Christ died for us."	       the Lord lift up His countenance on you,
				       and give you peace."
		-- Romans 5:8 [NASB]		-- Numbers 6:24-26 [NASB]

[There have been some attempts to characterize "cult".  Most commonly
it uses characteristics involving high pressure, brainwashing
techniques, etc.  But some people characterize it by doctrinal
error.  In the end I'm afraid it becomes a term with no precise
meaning that's used primarily to dismiss groups as not worthy
of serious consideration.  That doesn't mean that there aren't
groups that do highly irresponsible things and have serious
doctrinal errors.  But past discussions have not suggested to me
that "cult" is a very helpful term.  --clh]
