Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!bb3.andrew.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!geneva.rutgers.edu!christian
From: cmgrawbu@eos.ncsu.edu (CHRISTOPHER M GRAWBURG)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: HELPHELP Part2
Message-ID: <Apr.23.02.55.08.1993.3102@geneva.rutgers.edu>
Date: 23 Apr 93 06:55:08 GMT
Sender: hedrick@geneva.rutgers.edu
Reply-To: cmgrawbu@eos.ncsu.edu (CHRISTOPHER M GRAWBURG)
Organization: North Carolina State University, Project Eos
Lines: 52
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

Hello, I'm back..

I would first like to thank each and every person who sent me a response (be
it a positive or negative one). I read EVERY letter and thought about 
each one!! 

I got all sorts of responses, from "marry her" to "have nothing ever to 
do with her again"

Through reading the Bible and through a lot of prayer, here is what I have
decided to do.

I sent her a letter today. First, i told her that if she was really serious
about moving away from home to another state that "I would do anything to 
get you here in NC." I told her that I tried to find out if there were 
any new stores planning to be built---but they wouldn't tell me.

About her marraige comment (I'm not gonna call it a proposal, cause
I still don't know if it was a total joke or not) I more or less said
that "Marry me?? Well, get transferred to NC first and then we'll talk :) :)"

Hopefully, what i said could be interpreted either way.

Needless to say, there has been a lot of praying over this...I 
have done a lot of reading about marraige from the Bible. If
she was dead serious about getting married---I wouldn't do it
yet simply b/c she is not (as far as I know to this point) a Christian.
It just wouldn't work w/o God in the marraige as well. I figure
that if God wanrs this to go through--he's kept us in touch for 10 
years now---he can handle one more. If God wants it to happen, it
will happen!

She will be in NC in June meetinf some relatives so I'll get to 
see her...and I'll get a letter from her befoe then so I know
more of what to look forward to.

I guess all I can do now is wait and pray. I have decided not to tell
my folks until I'm totally sure what is going on.

I do ask that everyone that wrote me to please keep this situation
in your prayers..

Finally, I would like to thank EVERYONE who wrote in...

If you have anything else for me...I will be at this email address
for one week. Please tell me anyhting you want...I'm curious
how folks think about what i did.


Thanx

Chris
