Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!das-news.harvard.edu!noc.near.net!howland.reston.ans.net!ux1.cso.uiuc.edu!uwm.edu!psuvax1!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!athos.rutgers.edu!christian
From: shimeall@cs.nps.navy.mil (timothy shimeall)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: Re: Homosexuality issues in Christiani
Message-ID: <May.11.02.37.53.1993.28204@athos.rutgers.edu>
Date: 11 May 93 06:37:53 GMT
Sender: hedrick@athos.rutgers.edu
Organization: Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey CA
Lines: 32
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

The cited passages are covered IN DEPTH in a FAQ for this group.
That particular FAQ (I've forgotten the author) discusses the
traditional vs. pro-homosexual interpretations of the passages and
indicates which points have strong textual support.

Perhaps the moderator might give again the instructions for
retrieving the FAQ on this topic?

BTW, this issue, while dealt with before, is VERY timely.  One
of the major Presbyterian churches in California (St. Andrews -- a 
MegaChurch in a rich neighborhood) is withholding their support of 
Synod (amounts to about 10% of the budget of the Synod, which 
covers all of Southern CA and Hawaii) until support for a 
pro-homosexual lobbying group (the Lazarus Project) is terminated.
[This came from a news report on CNN yesterday -- corrections welcome.]
					Tim

[I think it's time for me to post the FAQ.  

This is an issue throughout the Presbyterian Church.  On the other
side, one of the major churches in Cincinnati has been ordaining
homosexual elders, and has ignored Presbytery instructions not to do
so.  And the church in Rochester where the judicial commission said
they couldn't install a homosexual pastor has made her an
"evangelist".  These situations, as well as the one you describe, do
not appear to be stable.  This will certainly be a major topic for the
General Assembly next month.  If the church can't come up with a
solution that will let people live with each other, I think we're end
up with a split.  Clearly neither side wants that, but I think we'll
get pushed into it by actions of both sides.

--clh]
