Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu soc.religion.christian:21647
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!das-news.harvard.edu!noc.near.net!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!geneva.rutgers.edu!christian
From: agr00@ccc.amdahl.com (Anthony G Rose)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: ****CHRISTIANITY IN CRISIS**** by Hank Hanegraaff
Message-ID: <May.16.23.01.46.1993.7109@geneva.rutgers.edu>
Date: 17 May 93 03:01:46 GMT
Sender: hedrick@geneva.rutgers.edu
Reply-To: agr00@amail.amdahl.com
Organization: Amdahl Corporation, Sunnyvale CA
Lines: 45
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu


                       "CHRISTIANITY IN CRISIS"
                                    by: Hank Hanegraaff



         "Controversy for the sake of controversy is a sin.
            Controversy for the sake of truth is a divine command."
                                       -Dr. Walter Martin


Dr. Walter Martin personally selected Hank Hanegraaff to succeed him
as President of the Christian Research Institute -- the largest 
evangelical counter-cult organization in the world. In this skillful, 
careful treatment of an explosive subject, Hanegraaff documents and 
examines how the beliefs of the Word of Faith movement clearly 
compromises and confuse the essentials of the historic Christian 
faith. For the first time ever, this large and influential movement
is legitimately labeled as cultic.

In this book, Hanegraaff discusses such leaders of the Word of Faith 
movement as E.W. Kenyon and the Twelve Apostles of "another gospel" 
(Gal 1:6-9) (Kenneth E. Hagin, Kenneth Copeland, Benny Hinn, Frederick
K.C. Price, John Avanzini, Robert Tilton, Marilyn Hickey, Paul (David) 
Yonggi Cho, Charles Capps, Jerry Savelle, Morris Cerullo, and Paul and 
Jan Crouch).

The book is now available through Harvest House Publishers and should
be in most Christian Book Stores soon. You can order a hard-back copy 
through CRI for $14.99 by calling 1-800-443-9797 and avoid retail 
mark-ups.

The Christian Research Journal, which is a quarterly publication by CRI 
has an article in it's most recent issue just released called, "What's 
Wrong With The Word Faith Movement?" This is a good article that will 
inform you of each of the teachers above, and tide you over until your 
book arrives. If you are interested in receiving the Journal yourself, 
you can order it from CRI at the number above for $14 a year. It is the 
best source of the most-accurate and well-researched info in Christiandom 
today.


[If we're going to have a discussion of book here (and this is the
third posting so far), I'd like people to say enough about its
contents for people to decide whether it's worth reading.  --clh]
