Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu soc.religion.christian:21680
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!das-news.harvard.edu!noc.near.net!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!geneva.rutgers.edu!christian
From: revdak@netcom.com (D. Andrew Kille)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: Re: Homosexuality issues in Christianity
Message-ID: <May.18.00.56.07.1993.9608@geneva.rutgers.edu>
Date: 18 May 93 04:56:07 GMT
Sender: hedrick@geneva.rutgers.edu
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
Lines: 28
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

Darin Johnson (djohnson@cs.ucsd.edu) wrote:
: Ok, what's more important to gay Christians?  Sex, or Christianity?
: Christianity I would hope.  Would they be willing to forgo sex
: completely, in order to avoid being a stumbling block to others,
: to avoid the chance that their interpretation might be wrong,
: etc?  If not, why not?  Heterosexuals abstain all the time.
: (It would be nice if protestant churches had celibate orders
: to show the world that sex is not the important thing in life)

The difference is that straight members are given the choice of
abstaining or not, and celibacy is recognized as a gift, given only
to some.  Gays are told that, as a condition of acceptance, they
_must_ be celibate.  I don't believe that God gives me a forced choice
between having a relationship with God and expressing my heterosexuality
(within the context of a faithful relationship).  Nor do I believe
that God gives that forced choice to gays.  Sex or Christianity is a
false dichotomy.

: To tell the truth, gay churches remind me a lot of Henry the VIII
: starting the Church of England in order to get a divorce (or is
: this a myth).  Note that I am not denying that gay Christians are
: Christian.

For my part, gay churches remind me of blacks starting their own churches
either because they were not allowed at all in the white churches, or, at
best, only with special restrictions that did not apply to white members.

revdak@netcom.com
