Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu soc.religion.christian:21778
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!eddie.mit.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!dog.ee.lbl.gov!network.ucsd.edu!pacbell.com!att-out!rutgers!igor.rutgers.edu!geneva.rutgers.edu!christian
From: mussack@austin.ibm.com (Christopher Mussack)
Newsgroups: soc.religion.christian
Subject: What _do_ we feel?
Message-ID: <May.28.03.59.25.1993.3900@geneva.rutgers.edu>
Date: 28 May 93 07:59:26 GMT
Sender: hedrick@geneva.rutgers.edu
Lines: 35
Approved: christian@aramis.rutgers.edu

I see a parallel between what I will stupidly call the "homosexual" 
issue and the "atheist" issue. Please take no offense at these
comparisons.

The homosexual "feels" things that I admit I do not "feel". 
He learns that these feelings are classified as homosexual feelings
and learns of a model of sexuality that seems to apply to
his feelings, which he then can fit with his experiences.
That is, this model gives him a sense of understanding his
situation. Models that do not match up with what he knows he
feels will be discarded. However, one wonders if once accepting
the idea of his being gay and deciding what exactly that
means he will analyze all his feelings and experiences based on 
the definition he has already accepted, which of course validates
his model.

If that was hard to understand now listen to my parallel.

The Christian "feels" things that an atheist claims he does not
feel. The Christian accepts the Christian theology as the true
description of what his feelings mean. Once accepting this
model he interprets his experiences with regards to this model
which of course validates his Christianity.

As a reminder, I am a Christian, a Catholic, I don't hate 
homosexuals or atheists, but am just trying to understand
them. I only compare them because they are both so foreign
to me. Am I as blind to the homosexual as the atheist seems
blind to me? Or am I as prejudiced against atheistic denial of
religious experience as the homosexual is prejudiced against 
attempts by society to deny his sexuality?

Or am I just out to lunch, again?

Chris Mussack
