Newsgroups: talk.politics.mideast
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!magnesium.club.cc.cmu.edu!news.sei.cmu.edu!cis.ohio-state.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!cs.utexas.edu!uunet!decwrl!pa.dec.com!e2big.mko.dec.com!nntpd.lkg.dec.com!peewee.unx.dec.com!alaa
From: alaa@peewee.unx.dec.com (Alaa Zeineldine)
Subject: Re: THE HAMAS WAY of DEATH
Message-ID: <1993Apr17.160731.3178@nntpd.lkg.dec.com>
Sender: usenet@nntpd.lkg.dec.com (USENET News System)
Organization: Digital Equipment Corp.
X-Newsreader: Tin 1.1 PL3
References: <1993Apr17.000119.12869@dazixco.ingr.com>
Date: Sat, 17 Apr 1993 16:07:31 GMT
Lines: 28

nstramer@supergas.dazixco.ingr.com (Naftaly Stramer) writes:
: 
:                      THE HAMAS WAY of DEATH
:  
:      (Following is a transcript of a recruitment and training
: videotape made last summer by the Qassam Battalions, the military

As opposed to Israel's many ways of death. Using bombers and artillery
against Lebanese towns and villages. Using fire arms and lethal
variants of tear gas and *rubber coated* bullets against stone
throwers. Using tanks and anti-tank missiles against homes after a 5
minute evacuation warning.  Using Shin Bit's "reasonable" physical
pressure in interrogation. And more. Not counting of course past 
practices such as the bombardment of Beirut in 1982, the bombing of the 
Egyptian school of Bahr-El-Bakar and the Abu-Za'bal factory in 1978,
the downing of the Libyan airliner full of Egyptian passengers near
the same time. Overseeing the Maronite massacre in Sabra and Shatilla.
That is of course besides numerous massacres by Irgun and other gangs
during the British mandate period.

Ironically the same Op-Ed page in the NYT times from which the Naftaly
copied this article was running another article next to it by A.M.
Rosenthall blaming Bosnian Muslims for their own genocide by effectively
saying that it is stupid to seek independence if independence will bring
your people slaughter. But what else would one expect from Mr. Rosenthall
who never wasted a chance to bash Arabs or Muslims.

Alaa Zeineldine
