Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu soc.culture.arabic:19915 soc.culture.bosna-herzgvna:3944 soc.culture.indian:129030 soc.culture.iranian:23623 soc.culture.jewish:65377 soc.culture.pakistan:40118 soc.culture.turkish:35400 soc.culture.yugoslavia:17935 talk.politics.mideast:77278 soc.culture.african:15071 soc.culture.malaysia:2481
Newsgroups: soc.culture.arabic,soc.culture.bosna-herzgvna,soc.culture.indian,soc.culture.iranian,soc.culture.jewish,soc.culture.pakistan,soc.culture.turkish,soc.culture.yugoslavia,soc.culture.afganistan,talk.politics.mideast,soc.culture.african,soc.culture.malaysia
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!das-news.harvard.edu!noc.near.net!uunet!world!tti
From: tti@world.std.com (Joachim Martillo)
Subject: Re: Europe vs. Muslim Bosnians
Message-ID: <C6yt9o.Ftt@world.std.com>
Summary: Mohammed Elabdellaoui is a Moron.
Organization: The World Public Access UNIX, Brookline, MA
References: <C6x44y.3xD@cbfsb.cb.att.com> <C6x81M.EJF@news.cis.umn.edu> <C6yAoD.4C7@cobra.cs.unm.edu>
Date: Thu, 13 May 1993 12:27:24 GMT
Lines: 44

In article <C6yAoD.4C7@cobra.cs.unm.edu> melabdel@cobra.cs.unm.edu (Mohammed Elabdellaoui) writes:

>Muslims helping the Nazis???  Where on earth do you come up with such
>accuusation??  Do you have proofs??  If not, you should publically apologize
>for such a statement.  

What a dope!  There is no value for Mohammed Elabdellaoui to be here
at a Western University.  Third-worldist and Islamic brain-rot has
made it impossible for him to acquire and analyze facts appropriately.

The history of the efforts of the Mufti of Jerusalem to serve the
Nazis in the South Balkans and set up Muslim SS Divisions is
well-documented.  In general, Nazism and the leader-principle
resonated well among Muslim peoples.  Khomeini's concept of the faqih
is a recent example of such resonance.  In fact, totalitarianism is
etymologically a reasonable translation Islam.

To be fair, the Mufti did not succeed in getting large numbers of
Muslims to join the SS.  But the rather small Muslim SS unit did
manage to commit attrocities disproportionate to it size.  There were
also Muslim people who were less than enthusiastic about the attempt
of Muslim leaders to entice Muslim people to serve the Nazi cause
actively.  And the Turkish government ignored practically all Nazi
overtures even though an alliance with the Nazis against the Soviet
government would have made a great deal of tactical sense.

			Last time I heard, the nazis prided themselves in
>needing no body to carry their politics and ideologies.  And if your statment
>were true, don't you think Israel would of used it to point to what a Muslim
>neighbor (PALESTINE) could do to them if they allowed it to be?  The jewish
>lobby and power is very strong, and if what you said is true, we would of
>heard it from them before you could come up with it.
>And you dare say that you are taking no sides!!

Yes, the typical primitive Muslim psychopathological psychotic
behavior upon hearing or reading a disagreeable fact -- start whining
about the Jews.  What a jerk.

>Mohammed

You should go back to your mindlessly stupid 3rd world country.  Your
brain has no business in a civilized first world country.

Joachim Carlo Santos Martillo Ajami
