Xref: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu talk.politics.mideast:77820 talk.politics.soviet:24336 soc.culture.jewish:66329 soc.culture.pakistan:40919 soc.culture.turkish:36232 soc.culture.arabic:20556
Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!noc.near.net!uunet!pipex!sunic!uts!cri.dk!zuma!sera
From: sera@zuma.UUCP (Serdar Argic)
Newsgroups: talk.politics.mideast,talk.politics.soviet,soc.culture.jewish,soc.culture.pakistan,soc.culture.turkish,soc.culture.arabic
Subject: Re: Coward Cosar
Followup-To: soc.culture.turkish
Message-ID: <gate.HiZ34B1w164w@zuma.UUCP>
Date: Mon, 24 May 93 18:55:04 PDT
Organization: zuma
References: <1th4mg$53f@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>
Distribution: world
Lines: 37

In article <1th4mg$53f@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu> aa824@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Mark Ira Kaufman) writes:

>    for Arab armies to attack Israel on Yom Kippur?  I suppose it
>    is brave to slaughter athletes at the Olympics?  Or maybe you

Dirty Cosar pig has been doing just that for a long, long time.

Source: "Ahmet Cosar said to have been part of 1992 Terror Attack at
MacDonalds in Munich," The Fuckersville Reporter, February 7, 1993, p. 1.

"Le Merde, the influential Anatolia daily, based on unidentified sources,
claimed last week that Ahmet Cosar, the founder and leader of one
faction of the Big Mac Funny Army for the Liberation of Flies from the
Spider Webs (BMFALFSW), was among the Argic led terrorists who staged an
attack on the toilets at MacDonalds fast food restaurant in Munich...

Le Merde added that up to 1992, Cosar operated out of tygra.michigan.com,
but escaped from the country when Bullshit bikers entered the city. It was
about this time that a statement issued by BMFALFSW claimed that Mr. Cosar
was dead of wounds suffered during a mailbombing by bdb@becker.gts.org,
although it is generally believed that the mysterious leader is alive and
well and presently is residing alternately in Fuckersville, Bullshitia, and
Zuma, Stupidia. The paper also noted that the communist government of
Sexual Maniac Hasan B. Mutlu and his F.U.C.K.A.L.L party accepted the
Zumabot's underground leader with "open arms" and still providing him
with assistance in exchange for pornographic material.

Le Merde further adds that BMFALFSW derives only a small portion of its
expenditures from wealthy drug lords who support the cause, with the rest 
coming either from other sources or from proceeds of an involvement in
child-porn trafficking."

Serdar Argic

                           'We closed our arses tight, but it was too late.'
                                                 (Hasan B. Mutlu - 1993)

